Afşar, Afshar, or Avşar may refer to:
City of Valla is a 1981 role-playing game supplement published by John Scott Clegg.
Galaxias parvirostris is an extinct species of ray-finned fish in the genus Galaxias.
It existed in what is now New Zealand in the early Miocene epoch.
It was described by Werner Schwarzhans, R.
Paul Scofield, Alan J.
Tennyson, Jennifer P.
Worthy and Trevor H.
Worthy in 2012.
Huckaby (December 13, 1941 – April 14, 2021) was an American politician who served as a member of the Georgia House of Representatives for the 113th district in Watkinsville, encompassing parts of Clarke County, Morgan County, Oconee County, and Oglethorpe County.
He later served as Chancellor of the University System of Georgia from 2011 to 2017.
Harry Hood may refer to:
Harry Hood (footballer) (1944–2019), Scottish footballer
"Harry Hood" (song), Phish live song
Harry Hood (Canadian football) (1926–1954), Canadian football player
"Humanos a Marte" (English: Humans to Mars) is a song performed by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne, released as the lead single from his upcoming fifteenth studio album En Todo Estaré, by Sony Music Latin on April 20, 2014.
The song was written by Chayanne and Fernando Montesinos.
On June 17, Chayanne released a remix urban version of the song, featuring the Puerto Rican singer Yandel.
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the United States Commonwealth of Virginia.
Itapeuasaurus (meaning "Itapeua lizard") is a genus of rebbachisaurid sauropod dinosaur from the Alcântara Formation (Itapecuru Group) of Maranhão in Brazil.
The type and only species is Itapeuasaurus cajapioensis.
It is the most complete Cenomanian-aged diplodocoid known from South America and it is also the first reported Cenomanian-aged rebbachisaurid discovered in South America.
Joh Sasaki (佐々木 譲, Sasaki Jō; born March 16, 1950) is a Japanese writer and journalist, chiefly known for his historical fiction and mystery novels.
John McPhee (1909–1986) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a winger for Sunderland.
K-PAX is a 2001 science fiction film starring Kevin Spacey and Jeff Bridges.
K-PAX or KPAX may also refer to:
K-PAX (novel), a 1995 science fiction novel by Gene Brewer, first in a series, from which the 2001 film is adapted
K-Pax Racing, an auto racing team
KPAX-TV, a U.S.
television station (channel 8) licensed to Missoula, Montana
The Legislature of Ontario (also commonly known as the Provincial Parliament of Ontario) is made of two elements: the lieutenant governor (representing the King of Canada), and the Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
The Legislature was established on July 1, 1867 following the creation of Ontario as one of the first four provinces of Canada.
The seat of the Legislature has been the Ontario Legislative Building in Queen's Park, Toronto since 1893.
Like the Canadian federal government, Ontario uses a Westminster-style parliamentary government, in which members are sent to the Legislative Assembly after general elections.
Like all the provincial governments, the concept of responsible government is followed, and the Premier of Ontario and their cabinet is accountable to the Legislative Assembly.
Reginald Ernest Thoy (12 May 1921 – 2 December 1993) was an English cricketer.
A right-handed batsman, he played two first-class matches in the 1950s.
Rivenoskulen is a mountain on the border of Skjåk Municipality in Innlandet county and Luster Municipality in Vestland county, Norway.
The 1,942-metre (6,371 ft) tall mountain is located in the Breheimen mountains and inside the Breheimen National Park, about 30 kilometres (19 mi) south of the village of Grotli and about 18 kilometres (11 mi) northeast of the Jostedalen valley.
The mountain is surrounded by several other notable mountains including Tverrådalskyrkja and Røykjeskarhøi to the east, Syrtbyttnosi to the north, and Sprongeggi to the northwest.
In economics, robustness is the ability of a financial trading system to remain effective under different markets and different market conditions, or the ability of an economic model to remain valid under different assumptions, parameters and initial conditions.
The Rue Soufflot (French pronunciation: [ʁy suflo]; "Soufflot Street") is a street in the 5th arrondissement of Paris, France, at the border between the Quartier de la Sorbonne and the Quartier du Val-de-Grâce.
It links the Jardin du Luxembourg at the Place Edmond-Rostand on the Boulevard Saint-Michel with the Panthéon at the Place du Panthéon.
Sah (Persian: صح) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District of Amirabad District in Damghan County, Semnan province, Iran.
Shannon Lee Lawson (born July 12, 1973) is an American country music artist and songwriter.
Lawson was originally signed to MCA Nashville Records, which released his debut album Chase the Sun in 2002.
It produced two minor chart singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, including the No.
28-peaking "Goodbye on a Bad Day".
Two years later, he was signed to Equity Music Group, a label owned by singer Clint Black.
Although Lawson charted two more singles during his tenure on this label, his album for Equity (titled Big Yee-Haw) was not released.
Valam-e Olya (Persian: ولم عليا, also Romanized as Valam-e ‘Olyā; also known as Valam and Valam-e Bālā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 285, in 72 families.
Williella picdupina is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.
It is found in New Caledonia in the southwest Pacific Ocean.
The wingspan is about 22 mm.
The hindwings are greyish brown.
Anupbhaiyya Omprakash Agrawal commonly "Anup Agrawal" is an Indian politician from Maharashtra.
He is a member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly from 2024, representing Dhule City Assembly constituency as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party, BJP.
Avdon (Hebrew: עַבְדּוֹן) is a moshav in northern Israel.
Located near Shlomi, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council.
In 2024 it had a population of 687.
Chambon-sur-Lac (French pronunciation: [ʃɑ̃bɔ̃ syʁ lak]) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
There are over 9000 Grade I listed buildings in England.
This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Northumberland, generally by parish.
Heptachispa delkeskampi is a species of beetle of the family Chrysomelidae.
It is found in Brazil (Amazonas, Matto Grosso, São Paulo) and Paraguay.
Hickerson is an English surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
Bryan Hickerson (born 1963), American baseball player
Gene Hickerson (1935–2008), American Football offensive guard
Joe Hickerson (1935–2025), American folk singer, song finder, and musicologist
Hickerson (1898–1989), United States diplomat
Johnny Jensen (born 17 February 1972 in Sandefjord) is a Norwegian handball player and coach.
He played 191 matches and scored 287 goals for the Norway men's national handball team between 1995 and 2009.
He participated at the 2001, 2005, 2007 and 2009 World Men's Handball Championship.
Jensen was awarded the Håndballstatuetten trophy from the Norwegian Handball Federation in 2019.
Koraput Junction railway station, located in the Indian state of Odisha, serves Koraput town in Koraput district.
This is a list of composers for science fiction television series Doctor Who.
It is sortable by a number of different criteria.
The list defaults to ascending alphabetical order the composer's last name.
Provided below is the list of Indian films released on 2010.
The Netherlands was represented at the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 with the song "Arcade", written by Duncan Laurence, Joel Sjöö, Wouter Hardy, and Will Knox, and performed by Laurence himself.
The Dutch participating broadcaster, AVROTROS, internally selected its entry for the contest.
Laurence's appointment as the Dutch representative was announced on 21 January 2019, while the song, "Arcade", was presented to the public on 7 March 2019.
The Netherlands was drawn to compete in the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 16 May 2019.
Performing during the show in position 16, "Arcade" was announced among the top 10 entries of the second semi-final and therefore qualified to compete in the final on 18 May.
It was later revealed that the Netherlands placed first out of the 18 participating countries in the semi-final with 280 points.
In the final, the Netherlands placed first out of the 26 participating countries, winning the contest with 498 points.
This was the Netherlands' fifth win in the Eurovision Song Contest, having last won in 1975.
Following the victory, AVROTROS, along with sister broadcaster Nederlandse Omroep Stichting (NOS) and their parent public broadcasting organisation Nederlandse Publieke Omroep (NPO), was expected to host the Eurovision Song Contest 2020 in Rotterdam.
However, the 2020 contest was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and Rotterdam was later retained as the host city of the 2021 edition.
Operation Phototrack was among the programs quickly organized in the United States, after the Soviet Earth satellite Sputnik 1 was launched on 4 October 1957, to fill the temporary tracking gap until the Baker-Nunn cameras specially designed to optically track U.S.
satellites became operational.
It was also referred to as the "Independent IGY (International Geophysical Year) Tracking Coordination Program".
Richard J.
Cook is an American educator who served as the twentieth president of Allegheny College.
He was previously the provost of Kalamazoo College.
Prior to that, Cook served as a professor of chemistry.
On April 30, 2007, Cook announced he would step down as president of Allegheny College at the end of the 2007–2008 academic year.
According to Allegheny Magazine, Cook played a key role in the controversial change in Kalamazoo College's K plan from a year-round calendar to a three quarter calendar.
At Allegheny College, he has promoted civic engagement.
Cook's undergraduate education was at the University of Michigan, while his graduate work in Chemistry was at Princeton University.
Katz (born c.
1950s) is an American politician and lawyer.
He graduated from Cony High School in Augusta, Maine, where he played on the boys' basketball team, which won the 1973 state championship.
He then went on to Harvard College and Boston University Law School.
Katz was a Republican State Senator from Maine's 15th District, representing Augusta, China, Oakland, Sidney and Vassalboro.
He was first elected to the Maine State Senate in 2010 after serving from 2006 to 2010 as mayor of the state capital Augusta.
He is chair of the Government Oversight committee in the State Senate.
A practicing lawyer, he is a partner in the law firm Lipman & Katz in Augusta.
In 2010, Katz defeated State Representative Patsy Crockett.
Following re-election in November 2012, Katz was elected as Republican Senate assistant minority leader after his party lost majority status to the Democrats.
When the Republicans regained the majority in the Senate after the 2014 election, Katz decided not to seek a leadership position in the following legislative session.
Governor Paul LePage has called for Katz to resign his chairmanship of the Government Oversight Committee, which is investigating LePage for using state funds to force a non-profit to reverse its hiring of Democratic Speaker of the House Mark Eves.
LePage said that Katz has a clear conflict of interest due to past public statements against LePage and having already arrived at some conclusions in the investigation.
Katz responded by noting that the committee vote to begin the investigation was unanimous.
LePage also said Katz was conducting a "witch hunt" against him.
Senate President Michael Thibodeau and Majority Leader Garrett Mason each issued statements of support for Katz.
His father, Bennett Katz, served as state senator in the 1960s and 1970s, including a stint as Senate Majority Leader.
The American Legion's Maine Department awarded Katz its Legislator of the Year award on January 17, 2016, citing what they termed his tireless work for veterans.
Katz opposed Donald Trump in the 2016 election, calling him "not fit to be president".
Katz is Jewish.
Silene conoidea is a species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae known by the common names weed silene and large sand catchfly.
It is native to Eurasia, and it is known in other parts of the world, such as western North America, as a weed.
Silver Mount Cemetery is located at 918 Victory Boulevard on Staten Island, New York, United States.
It was originally named Cooper Cemetery around 1866.
It covers about 17 acres.
Sloboda-Banyliv (Ukrainian: Слобода-Банилів; Romanian: Slobozia Bănilei; German: Slobodzia-Banilla) is a village in Vyzhnytsia Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.
It belongs to Vashkivtsi urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.
Szulbory [ʂulˈbɔrɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Urlabari is a town and municipality in Morang District in the Koshi Province of south-eastern Nepal.
It is considered to be the second largest city in Morang District after Biratnagar.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 18,224.
At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 35,166 and 8,165 households.
The ethnicity and caste pattern of the municipality shows diversity with major ethnic groups such as Brahman, Chhetri, Limbu, Maithili, Tharu, Rajbanshi and many more.
It is located 60 km eastern part of the metropolitan city of Biratnagar.
Urlabari, Morang.
Damak, which is in Jhapa lies to the east of this municipality.
Madhumalla and Durgapuri, both belonging to Morang District lie to the North and South respectively.
Pathari which belongs to Sunsari District is in the west.
From 2011 census the total population is 54,696.
where 29,548 are the woman and 25,148 are men lived with 12,530 households.
The population of the municipality rose to 70,908 at the 2021 Nepal census.
99.6% of the residents were Nepali citizens and 84.8% were literate in 2021.
Urlabari Municipality has 1 Government Hospital, 1 Health Checkpoint and 6 Private Health posts.
It is also rich in natural vegetation and has community forests such as Srijana community forest, Sunjhoda community forest, Salbari community forest and Beteni community forest.
Betana Wetland Area is one of the most visited tourist attraction in Urlabari.
It also has 6 Child Development Center.
There are fair number of government education institutes, including Urlabari Bahumukhi Campus, Radhika Higher Secondary School, Sunpakkwa Higher Secondary, Radhika Secondary School, Srijana Secondary School, Durga Secondary School, Sunjhoda Higher Secondary School.
Some of the most recognisable private schools are Pashupati Higher Secondary school, Morang Model School, Bhrikuti Model Academy and Shishu Shiksha Sadan English School.
There are more than 20 privately held secondary schools and higher secondary schools.
Urlabari is a progressive municipality and has potential to rise as one of the most prominent cities in Nepal.
Urlabari Municipality is the only municipality in Morang district to achieve a score of 85.5 in the Local Government Institutional Capacity Self-Assessment (LISA).
Likewise, it has been successful to be the municipality with good governance in Koshi Province by scoring 84.4 in the Local Government Fiduciary Risk Assessment (FRA)
As of 2024, a 5.5-kilometre road is being blacktopped in Ward no.
2 with financial assistance from the World Bank.
Rural Reconstruction Nepal (RRN) has agreed to provide a project worth Rs.
270 million.
Additionally, six kilometres of the embankment have been constructed with the support of the World Bank under the Ratuwa Mawa Embankment Project and Koshi Bakraha Embankment Project.
600 million project for six municipalities has been approved for the reduction of women's violence.
Urlabari is the only municipality in Morang to be included in that project.
Additionally, large projects are being implemented in the municipality not only from local resources, the federal and provincial governments but also with the support of donor organisations.
Valerian Maduka Okeke  (born 20 October 1953) is a Nigerian Catholic prelate who has served as Archbishop of Onitsha since 2003.
The 2nd Regional Command under the Vietnam People's Navy (VPN) is the Naval Operations Command that independently manages and protects the seas from South Bình Thuận to Bạc Liêu and the southern continental shelf, including the important area.
The point is the sea with economic – scientific – service clusters (hereinafter referred to as DK1) on the southern continental shelf, including the southern provinces of Bình Thuận, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu, Ho Chi Minh City, Tiền Giang, Bến Tre, Trà Vinh, Sóc Trăng, Bạc Liêu, and the southeast sea of Cà Mau province (including DK1/10 rig house in Cà Mau shoal).
Ammonitida, or true ammonites, are an order of ammonoid cephalopods that lived from the Jurassic through Paleocene time periods, commonly with intricate ammonitic sutures.
Ammonitida is divided into four suborders, the Phylloceratina, Lytoceratina, Ancyloceratina, and Ammonitina.
The Phylloceratina is the ancestral stock, derived from the Ceratitida near the end of the Triassic.
The Phylloceratina gave rise to the Lytoceratina near the beginning of the Jurassic which in turn gave rise to the highly specialized Ancyloceratina  near the end of the Jurassic.
Both the Phylloceratina and Lytoceratina gave rise to various stocks combined in the Ammonitina.
These four suborders are further divided into different stocks, comprising various families combined into superfamilies.
Some like the Hildoceratoidea and Stephanoceratoidea are restricted to the Jurassic.
Others like the Hoplitoidea and Acanthoceratoidea are known only from the Cretaceous.
Still others like the Perisphinctoidea are found in both.
Bhogavalli Venkata Sathyanarayana Prasad, commonly known as B.
Prasad, is an Indian film producer and distributor, primarily known for his work in Telugu cinema.
He is the owner of the production companies Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra (SVCC), formerly known as Sri Krishna Prasanna Enterprises, and SVCC Digital.
Prasad has won two Filmfare Awards for his work on Magadheera (2009) and Attarintiki Daredi (2013), and a SIIMA Award for the latter.
Barbara Hibbs Blake (August 6, 1937 – August 18, 2019) was an American mammalogist and college professor.
CloudCompare is a 3D point cloud processing software (such as those obtained with a laser scanner).
It can also handle triangular meshes and calibrated images.
Originally created during a collaboration between Telecom ParisTech and the R&D division of EDF, the CloudCompare project began in 2003 with the PhD of Daniel Girardeau-Montaut on Change detection on 3D geometric data.
At that time, its main purpose was to quickly detect changes in 3D high density point clouds acquired with laser scanners in industrial facilities (such as power plants) or building sites.
Afterwards it evolved towards a more general and advanced 3D data processing software.
It is now an independent open source project and a free software.
CloudCompare provides a set of basic tools for manually editing and rendering 3D points clouds and triangular meshes.
It also offers various advanced processing algorithms, among which methods for performing:
projections (axis-based, cylinder or a cone unrolling, ...)
registration (ICP, ...)
distance computation (cloud-cloud or cloud-mesh the nearest neighbor distance, ...)
statistics computation (spatial Chi-squared test, ...)
segmentation (connected components labeling, front propagation based, ...)
geometric features estimation (density, curvature, roughness, geological plane orientation, ...)
CloudCompare can handle unlimited scalar fields per point cloud on which various dedicated algorithms can be applied (smoothing, gradient evaluation, statistics, etc.).
A dynamic color rendering system helps the user to visualize per-point scalar fields in an efficient way.
Therefore, CloudCompare can also be used to visualize N-D data.
The user can interactively segment 3D entities (with a 2D polyline drawn on screen), interactively rotate/translate one or more entities relatively to the others, interactively pick single points or couples of points (to get the corresponding segment length) or triplets of points (to get the corresponding angle and plane normal).
The latest version also supports the creation of 2D labels attached to points or rectangular areas annotations.
CloudCompare is available on Windows, Linux and Mac OS X platforms, for both 32 and 64 bits architectures.
It is developed in C++ with Qt.
The Crane–Heise syndrome is a very rare and lethal birth defect without a known cause.
It was first described in a 1981 publication, and its main signs are facial malformations, lack of bone mineralization, and musculoskeletal anomalies.
Diamond Cats were a Czech girl group founded in September 2009.
They consisted of Nikol Šneiderová, Kristýna Pecková, Hana Hladíková, and Kristýna Šlingrová, all aged 9–11 at the time of the group's inception.
Don't Explain is a 2011 cover album recorded by American singer Beth Hart and blues rock guitarist Joe Bonamassa.
Elmer Miller (July 28, 1890 – November 28, 1944) is an American former professional baseball player in Major League Baseball.
He played for the St.
Louis Cardinals, New York Yankees, and Boston Red Sox.
In his career, he posted a .243 batting average (343-for-1414) with 16 home runs and 154 RBI.
Encyclia ambigua is a species of orchid native to Guatemala and southeast Mexico.
The Fordham Company is a real estate development company founded in 1988 and based in Chicago, Illinois.
The company's chairman is Christopher T.
As of 2015 they had developed over 16,000 residential units.
The company owns several skyscrapers and buildings in downtown Chicago including "65 East Goethe," The Fordham, and The Pinnacle.
The Fordham Company also began development of the 2,000-foot-tall (610 m) Fordham Spire project, which was purchased by Shelbourne Development and renamed the Chicago Spire.
The Spire was never completed.
Fordham was also involved in the development of the unbuilt Waldorf-Astoria Hotel and Residence Tower.
Gerard de Jode (also known as Petrus de Jode; c.
1511 – 5 February 1591) was a Netherlandish cartographer, engraver, and publisher who lived and worked in Antwerp.
In 1547, De Jode was admitted to the Guild of St.
Luke, and began his work as a publisher.
He frequently printed the works of other cartographers, including Giacomo Gastaldi's world map in 1555, Jacob van Deventer's map of the Duchy of Brabant in 1558, and Ortelius' eight-sheet world map in 1564.
Isopropylmagnesium chloride is an organometallic compound with the general formula (CH3)2HCMgCl.
This highly flammable, colorless, and  moisture sensitive material is the Grignard reagent derived from isopropyl chloride.
It is commercially available, usually as a solution in tetrahydrofuran.
Jacqueline "Jackie" Corkhill is a fictional character from the British television soap opera Brookside, played by Sue Jenkins from 1991 to 2001.
Jenny Lindsay is a Scottish poet, performer, and promoter.
She is one of Scotland's leading spoken word performers and has been described as “one of Scotland's finest cultural innovators.”
Joaquín Alejandro Suárez Urbani (born 4 July 2002) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays as a defender for Academia Puerto Cabello.
Kirsten Price (born 8 September 1979) is an English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and producer.
She released her first single "Magic Tree", from her debut album Guts & Garbage, in 2007.
Subsequently, she released her next single, "With or Without You" and her second LP, Brixton to Brooklyn, in 2010.
Michael Wright (born 3 March 1966) is a Hong Kong freestyle swimmer.
He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Rhagium caucasicum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was described by Reitter in 1889.
Thunderstorm (Chinese: 雷雨; pinyin: Léiyǔ; Wade–Giles: Lei2-yü3) is a play written in 1933 by the Chinese dramatist Cao Yu.
It is one of the most popular Chinese dramatic works of the period prior to the Japanese invasion of China in 1937.
Canadian Society of Medievalists (CSM; French: Société canadienne des médiévistes [SCM]) is a Canadian learned society of medievalists "dedicated to promoting excellence in research for all aspects of medieval studies".
In addition to its biannual newsletter, Scrinium, the society publishes Florilegium, "an international, peer-reviewed journal concerned with the study of late Antiquity and the Middle Ages".
It holds an annual conference together with other scholarly groups as part of the Congress of the Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences (the "Learneds"), and develops and collaborates on scholarly projects with related associations including the international network of medievalists, CARMEN (the Co-operative for the Advancement of Research through a Medieval European Network).
The society's first president was Margaret Wade Labarge, in 1993.
The China women's national handball team is the national team of People's Republic of China.
It is governed by the China Handball Federation and takes part in international handball competitions.
Dichelus fulvipennis is a species of beetle of the family Scarabaeidae.
It is found in South Africa (Northern Cape).
Grupo Corpo are a Brazilian dance theatre company founded in 1975.
The group performs internationally and has been acclaimed by critics.
Their routines are particularly known for challenging audience perceptions of ballet and modern dance.
Henry Robert Albert Kelleher (3 March 1929 – 18 May 2025) was an English first-class cricketer who played for Surrey and Northamptonshire between 1955 and 1958.
Hjalmar Sundén (1908–1993) was a Swedish psychologist, known for his contributions to the psychology of religion and for his development of "role theory".
Jack Burris (May 27, 1917 – June 1952) served as County attorney of Mayes County, Oklahoma from 1947 until his murder in June 1952.
He was the subject of one of the most famous unsolved murders in Oklahoma history.
His assassination and the investigation by Sheriff Slim Weaver and the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation has been the basis for several books and screenplays for over 50 years.
Jakov Bunić (also Giacomo Bona in Italian or Iacobus Bonus in Latin) (1469 - 1534) was a Croatian renaissance poet, latinist, diplomat, state official, lawyer and merchant from the Republic of Dubrovnik (Republic of Ragusa).
He was a member of the Bunić noble family, one of the oldest families in the Republic.
John Marshall (active 1384–1392), of Cambridge, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Cambridge in April 1384 and September 1388.
He was mayor of Cambridge from September 1391 to 1392.
Khalaj (Persian: خلج) is a village in Mah Neshan Rural District of the Central District in Mahneshan County, Zanjan province, Iran.
Leucosyrinx is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
Linna RC is a Finnish rugby club in Hämeenlinna.
The Wichita State Shockers men's basketball team has competed in college basketball since the 1905–06 season.
The Phoenix Opera House Block is a historic building in Rushville, Illinois.
Built in 1882, the building housed commercial businesses on the first floor and an opera house on the second floor.
The opera house hosted traveling performers and theater companies as well as local social events.
The opera house closed in 1910, as churches began to host the town's social functions and the local movie theater provided entertainment.
From 1924 to 1956, the opera house served as a Masonic lodge.
The building is one of the few surviving examples of a combined opera house and commercial building.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 9, 1985.
Quand on crie au loup is a 2019 French comedy film directed by Marilou Berry.
Rhopalothripoides is a genus of thrips in the family Phlaeothripidae.
Sasha Roseneil (born 1966) is a group analyst and a psychoanalytic psychotherapist.
Roseneil became the ninth vice chancellor of the University of Sussex in August 2022.
Templeton Township is a township in Atchison County, Missouri, United States.
At the 2020 census, its population was 32.
Templeton Township was established on February 22, 1870, and named after John W.
Templeton, a county official.
The School of Architecture (TSOA) is a private architecture school in Scottsdale, Arizona.
It was founded in 1986 under the name of The Frank Lloyd Wright School of Architecture as an accredited school by surviving members of the Taliesin Fellowship.
The school offers a Master of Architecture program focusing on the organic architecture design philosophy of Frank Lloyd Wright.
The school is the smallest accredited graduate architecture program in the United States and emphasizes hands-on learning, architectural immersion, experimentation, and a design-build program that grew out of the Taliesin Fellowships’ tradition of building shelters in the Arizona desert.
The school is not ranked by any ranking publications.
The school is located at Cattle Track Arts, a historically significant arts campus in Scottsdale, Arizona.
From 2020 to 2023, it was located at the historic campuses of Cosanti in Paradise Valley and Arcosanti near Mayer, Arizona.
It was initially located at Wright's estates of Taliesin West in Scottsdale and Taliesin in Spring Green, Wisconsin.
Vladimir Cheboksarov (born 30 December 1951) is a Russian former wrestler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
The 1991–92 Divizia B was the 52nd season of the second tier of the Romanian football league system.
The format has been maintained to three series, each of them having 18 teams.
At the end of the season, the winners of the series promoted to Divizia A and the last six places from each series relegated to Divizia C.
The number of the relegated teams was increased due to reducing the number of the teams in the league from 54 to 36, starting with the next season.
An election to all 40 seats on Tipperary County Council was held on 7 June 2024 as part of the 2024 Irish local elections.
County Tipperary is divided into 8 local electoral areas (LEAs) to elect councillors for a five-year term of office on the electoral system of proportional representation by means of the single transferable vote (PR-STV).
Amt Lindow (Mark) is an Amt ("collective municipality") in the district of Ostprignitz-Ruppin, in Brandenburg, Germany.
Its seat is in Lindow.
The Amt Lindow (Mark) consists of the following municipalities:
Vielitzsee
Bellator Kickboxing was an American kickboxing promotion company based in Los Angeles, active between 2016 and 2019.
Bellator was founded in 2016 by president Scott Coker.
It was the sister promotion of Bellator MMA.
On April 16, 2016, Bellator held its inaugural kickboxing event, Bellator Kickboxing 1.
On February 19, 2022, Coker confirmed that the promotion shut down in 2020 to focus on MMA.
Big Bird is a character in Sesame Street.
Big Bird may also refer to:
Bright from the Start, also known as Georgia Department of Early Care and Learning, was established on July 1, 2004.
The main office is located in downtown Atlanta, Georgia.
The department licenses and monitors daycare centers and all state funded pre-k.
Bright from the Start is headed by one commissioner and by a board of administrators.
Bright from the Start provides children with quality preschool knowledge that will be necessary for their future school achievements.
They want to offer a system of professional development for the providers and for the staff.
Charles Trick Currelly (January 11, 1876 – April 10, 1957) was a Canadian clergyman and archeologist, and the first director of the Royal Ontario Museum from 1914 to 1946.
Davor Jorge Gjuranovic Letelier (born 16 September 1980) is a Chilean journalist commonly known for his work at Televisión Nacional de Chile (TVN), as well as his coverage to the Military Parades since early 2010s.
Gjuranovic has been the main anchor of the joint national television broadcast of Chile’s Great Military Parade of Chile, held every September 19 in Santiago’s O'Higgins Park.
In this role, his knowledge of military protocol and institutional matters has been widely recognized by audiences and media professionals alike.
Gjuranovic stated that he grew up watching TVN during his childhood in Punta Arenas, and also says he feels a deep sense of identification with the channel.
His main reporting has always focused on tragedies: earthquakes, mudslides, volcanic eruptions, forest fires, among others.
He has been in charge of various segments and coverages within TVN's News Department, particularly on the newscast 24 Horas, where he has worked as a reporter, international affairs analyst, and presenter for special broadcasts.
His style—marked by sobriety and in-depth reporting—has made him a familiar face in the coverage of official ceremonies and institutional events.
Franz Weiß (December 23, 1887 – October 2, 1974) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and former member of the German Bundestag.
Frederick P.
Stevens (1810–1866) was Mayor of the City of Buffalo, New York, serving 1856–1857.
He was born on October 26, 1810, in Pierpont, New Hampshire.
He taught, studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1835 or 1836, soon after coming to Buffalo.
On January 20, 1837, he was appointed judge of the Court of Common Pleas by Governor William L.
He was the first presiding judge of Erie County Court, successor to the Court of Common Pleas.
He never married.
In 1854, Stevens was elected an alderman for the eleventh ward.
He was elected mayor of Buffalo on November 6, 1855, as the Democratic candidate.
During his term, the city undertook an extensive program of street, sidewalk, and street light improvements.
He is credited as the originator of Buffalo's street railway system and was one of the first people to actively campaign for an international bridge between Buffalo and Canada.
He was a Republican Union member of the New York State Assembly (Erie Co., 2nd D.) in 1864.
He died at Buffalo on March 23, 1866.
Gelechia thymiata is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1929.
It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Arizona.
This page details tournament performances pertaining to Tiger Woods.
For a list of his career achievements see List of career achievements by Tiger Woods.
All tournaments are PGA Tour tournaments unless otherwise stated.
The NWA Tennessee Southern Heavyweight Championship was a short-lived title in the National Wrestling Alliance that was defended in Southern Championship Wrestling.
It existed from 1981 to 1982.
Pagiopalus is a genus of Hawaiian running crab spiders that was first described by Eugène Louis Simon in 1900.
Posankka (Swedish: Grisankan) is a statue located in Turku, Finland.
The statue, which is located near the campus area of the University of Turku and the Turku Student Village, represents a hybrid between a marzipan pig ("possu") and a rubber duck ("ankka").
It is a pink animal with a duck's lower body and a pig's head.
The statue was designed by Alvar Gullichsen in 1999 when it was placed floating in the Aurajoki river in Turku.
The statue has stood at its current location since 2001.
Every winter, a Santa Claus hat is put on Posankka's head, and on Walpurgis Night it is capped with a Finnish student cap.
Reminiscing is an album by pianist Jodie Christian.
His last release as a leader, it was recorded during July 2000 at Riverside Studio in Chicago, and was issued in 2001 by Delmark Records.
On the album, Christian is joined by bassist Dennis Carroll and drummer Tony Walton.
Recorded when the pianist was nearly 70 years old, Reminiscing consists of tunes that were connected to specific memories of his childhood and career.
The Raging Bull is a DA/SA, large-frame revolver manufactured by the Brazilian Taurus International firearm company beginning in 1997.
The Raging Bull has a dual-locking design built on a heavy frame, allowing the revolver to easily fire extremely powerful loads.
Because of the powerful nature of these handguns, the Raging Bull has a ported barrel and a cushioned rubber grip to mitigate harsh recoil.
As of 2024, it is the most powerful revolver line ever offered by Taurus.
It was chambered for a number of powerful cartridges, notably the .44 Magnum and .454 Casull, however many other powerful chamberings were offered, including the .41 Magnum, .480 Ruger, .218 Bee, .22 Hornet and .30 Carbine.
The Raging Bull line was discontinued in 2019, however, that same year it was replaced by the Raging Hunter line.
The Raging Hunter series is identical, however it offers a built-in Picatinny rail for scope-mounting.
The Raging Hunter series is chambered in .500 S&W Magnum, .454 Casull, .44 Magnum, .357 Magnum and .460 S&W Magnum, which is a new offering for Taurus.
John Thomas James (1786 – 1828) was a Church of England bishop.
He was bishop of Calcutta from 1827 to 1828.
He also wrote travel and art books.
The third season of Top Gear began airing on History from August 14, 2012, until April 2, 2013.
Adam Ferrera, Tanner Foust, Rutledge Wood and The Stig returned as hosts, with sixteen weekly episodes being broadcast.
This season was the first not to include segments, including car reviews, studio segments, Power laps and Big Star, Small Car, as they were discarded from the programme before season 3 commenced.
Prince Wilhelm of Urach, Count of Württemberg (27 September 1897 – 8 August 1957) was a German prince and member of the House of Urach, a morganatic branch of the Royal House of the Kingdom of Württemberg), and a senior automotive production engineer.
Proposition 11, sometimes known as the "Privacy Initiative" or the "Right to Privacy Initiative", was a ballot initiative to amend the constitution of the state of California to include privacy as an inalienable right to citizens in "Article 1: Declaration of Rights" of the constitution.
A Clockwork Orange: Wendy Carlos's Complete Original Score is a studio album by American musician and composer Wendy Carlos, released in 1972 by Columbia Records.
The album contains previously unreleased and complete tracks from her score to Stanley Kubrick's 1971 film A Clockwork Orange that had been cut or omitted from the official soundtrack, Stanley Kubrick's Clockwork Orange, released three months earlier.
An accidental American is someone whom U.S.
law deems to be an American citizen, but who has only a tenuous connection with that country.
For example, American nationality law provides (with limited exceptions) that anyone born on U.S.
territory is a U.S.
citizen (jus soli), including those who leave as infants or young children, even if neither parent is a U.S.
citizen (as in the case of Boris Johnson until he renounced his U.S.
citizenship in 2016).
law also ascribes American citizenship to some children born abroad to a U.S.
citizen parent (jus sanguinis), even if those children never enter the United States.
Since the early 2000s, the term "accidental American" has been adopted by several activist groups to protest tax treaties and Inter-Governmental Agreements which treat such people as American citizens who are therefore potentially subject to tax and financial reporting (e.g.
FATCA and FBAR) requirements – requirements which few other countries impose on their nonresident citizens.
Accidental Americans may be unaware of these requirements, or their U.S.
citizen status, until they encounter problems accessing bank services in their home countries, for example, or are barred from entering the U.S.
on a non-U.S.
Furthermore, the U.S.
State Department now charges US$450 to renounce citizenship (or otherwise obtain a Certificate of Loss of Nationality), while tax reporting requirements associated with legal expatriation may pose additional financial burdens.
DRL Coachlines is a motor coach bus company operating in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Wholly owned by DRL Group of Triton, the bus company provided charter services before it took over Terra Transport Roadcruiser services on the island of Newfoundland in 1996.
Dilson Darío Torres (born May 31, 1970) is a Venezuelan former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Kansas City Royals in their 1995 season.
Listed at 6' 3", 200 lb., Torres batted and threw right-handed.
He was born in Maracay, Aragua.
East Stoke may refer to three places in the United Kingdom:
East Stoke, Dorset
East Stoke, Nottinghamshire
East Stoke, Somerset
Emmanuel "Ema" Twumasi (born 18 May 1997) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for Ekstraklasa club Piast Gliwice.
Incholi is a village in the Meerut district [ Meerut district, is one of the districts in the Western side (Doaba area (region between the rivers of Ganga and Yamuna)  of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and Meerut is the district headquarters.
Meerut district is also a part of the Meerut division.]  of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
It is situated 13 kilometres (8 miles) from the city of Meerut, on Mawana Road, the main road that connects Meerut city to Bahsuma and 460 KM from state capital Lucknow.
The PIN code (postcode) is 250001 and the postal head office is Meerut Cantt .
Saini (1 km), Masoori (1 km), Pabla (2 KM), Khardoni Shekhupura (3 KM), Ulakhpur (3 KM), Nangli Azamabad (3 KM), Nangla Shekhu (3 KM) are the nearby villages to Incholi.
Incholi is surrounded by Daurala Block towards west, Meerut Block towards west, Mawana Kalan Block towards North, Parikshitgarh Block towards East.
Meerut, Hastinapur, Sardhana, Modinagar are the nearby Cities to Incholi.
Istituto Eugenio Montale may refer to:
Schools in Italy:
Istituto di Istruzione Superiore "E.
Montale" - Cinisello Balsamo
Schools outside of Italy:
Scuola Italiana Eugenio Montale -  São Paulo, Brazil
Kedros Ayia Marina Skylloura is a Cypriot association football club based in Agia Marina (Skylloura), located in the Nicosia District.
Its colours are green and white.
It has 1 participation in Cypriot Fourth Division.
They were promoted to the Cypriot Third Division in 2023.
This is a list of railway museums in the United Kingdom Channel Islands and Isle of Man
Motor Torpedo Boat Squadrons were United States Navy Patrol, Torpedo, (PT boat) squadrons commissioned for operation during World War II.
During the war 44 Motor Torpedo Boat Squadrons were commissioned.
At the end of the war all 44 Squadrons were decommissioned.
In April 1940 the US Navy designed the idea of PT boat squadrons.
PT boat squadrons would have 12 boats each with its own commanding officer.
The PT boat captains, called officers-in-charge and the boat's crew in the squadron could move from boat to boat within their squadron, depending on availability of boats and crews.
Boats could also be transferred from squadron to squadron on an as needed based or to replace losses.
A total of 690 PT boats were built between 7 December 1941 and 1 October 1945.
Norman Harwood (29 December 1929 – 10 August 2008) was a New Zealand cricketer.
He played in one first-class match for Northern Districts in 1959/60.
Pavel Oliva, born Pavel Ohrenstein (23 November 1923 – 5 March 2021) was a Czech classical philologist, historian of antiquity, writer and Holocaust survivor.
Protopapas (Greek: πρωτοπαπᾶς or πρωτόπαπας, "first priest, archpriest") is a Greek Orthodox ecclesiastical office.
The office appeared in Byzantine times, when the protopapas was a subaltern of a bishop, along with his own deputy, the deutereuon ("the second one").
Already in the middle Byzantine period (8th–12th centuries), protopapades were appointed as the head clerics of particularly important churches, or as a bishop's representatives in the rural districts.
The mid-14th century Book of Offices of Pseudo-Kodinos mentions the role of the protopapas of the imperial palace during imperial church ceremonies on Christmas and Epiphany, as well as during the Holy Week.
According to Pseudo-Kodinos, the protopapas of the emperor and the protopapas of the Great Church (i.e., of the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople) were distinct, but could sometimes be held in tandem by the same person.
In the late 14th century, the head of the "imperial clerics" was the protopapas of the Blachernae Church (located in the main imperial residence, the Palace of Blachernae), while another protopapas was responsible for the coronation and funerary Church of the Holy Apostles, where the early Byzantine emperors were buried.
In the Greek lands under Latin rule, including in southern Italy following the Norman conquest, Orthodox bishops of the Greek Rite were often displaced by Roman Catholic bishops of the Latin Rite.
As Church canons forbade the simultaneous presence of two bishops in the same see, in these areas, a protopapas (in Latin also archipresbyter Graecorum) served as the head of the Greek Orthodox clergy.
This system survived longest in the Ionian Islands, which were a Venetian possession until 1797.
In Corfu, where the local Orthodox bishopric had been abolished already by the Angevins in the late 13th century, the Orthodox nobility and ecclesiastical canons chose the megas protopapas ("grand archpriest"), since there were junior protopapades in the districts of the island.
As he lacked the bishop's power to consecrate priests, all candidates had to go to Cephalonia, where the Orthodox bishopric continued in existence, to be ordained.
To secure its control over the office, from 1578 the Venetian government removed the megas protopapas of Corfu from the jurisdiction of both the local Latin Archbishop as well as the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople.
The smaller islands of Ithaca and Zakynthos each had a protopapas of their own, subject to the Bishop of Cephalonia.
Sam van Dijk (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈsɑɱ vɑn ˈdɛik]; born 28 August 1996) is a Dutch professional basketball player.
Sebastião "Tião" Celso Mendes da Costa (born 22 August 1930 – missing since March 2007) was a Brazilian long-distance runner competing specialising in the 3000 metres steeplechase.
He won multiple medals at regional level including the silver at the 1963 Pan American Games.
He was set to compete at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome but was a non-starter.
He went missing in March 2007 and was never found.
Solliès-Ville (French pronunciation: [sɔljɛs vil]; Occitan: Soliers-Vila) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Thomas Purdie FRS LLD (27 January 1843 – 14 December 1916) was a Scottish chemist.
With James Irvine, Purdie is known for his work on understanding the chemical structure of simple sugars.
The building that houses the School of Chemistry (that he helped found) at the University of St Andrews bears his name.
William Vacanarat Shadrach Tubman (29 November 1895 – 23 July 1971) was a Liberian politician.
He was the 19th president of Liberia and the longest-serving president in the country's history, serving from his election in 1944 until his death in 1971.
Tubman is regarded as the "father of modern Liberia" in that during his presidency sufficient foreign investment was attracted to modernize the country's economy and infrastructure.
During his tenure, Liberia experienced a period of prosperity.
He also led a policy of national unification to reduce the social and political differences between his fellow Americo-Liberians and the indigenous Liberians.
The following lists events that happened during 2013 in the Republic of Albania.
Robert Francis Skoronski (March 5, 1934 – October 30, 2018) was an American professional football player who was a tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for the Green Bay Packers for 11 seasons.
He played college football for the Indiana Hoosiers.
Born Again is the seventh studio album by British singer Mica Paris, released on 1 June 2009.
The Chapel to Duke of York's Headquarters is a Grade II* listed chapel forming part of the Duke of York's Headquarters complex on King's Road, Chelsea, London.
It was built in 1824.
The building housed a branch of the clothing retailer Jigsaw.
Since September 2021, it has been Soho Home Studio, a furniture and homewares store and cafe, run by Soho House.
Eduard Kučera (born 11 January 1953) is a Czech software engineer and an entrepreneur.
He is the co-founder of the computer security company Avast along with Pavel Baudiš.
Kučera is the 13th wealthiest person in the Czech Republic as of 2023 according to Forbes, with a net worth of more than 29.8 billion Czech koruna.
Kučera studied  in Charles University before co-founding Alwil Software with Baudiš.
The company was renamed to Avast Software and Avast Antivirus became one of the most used computer security software applications.
Feng Jixin (Chinese: 冯纪新) (1915–2005) was a People's Republic of China politician.
He was born in Jinzhai County, Anhui Province.
A member of the New Fourth Army during the Second Sino-Japanese War, he was sent to Nenjiang Province (now part of Heilongjiang Province) in 1945.
He was governor of Gansu (December 1979 – January 1981) and Chinese Communist Party Committee Secretary of Gansu (January 1981 – September 1982).
Indiah-Paige Janita Riley (born 20 December 2001) is a New Zealand professional women's footballer who plays as a striker for Crystal Palace in the Women's Super League 2.
She has previously played for Fortuna Hjorring in the Elitedivisionen, PSV Vrouwen in the Eredivisie Vrouwen and Brisbane Roar.
A former one-time international for the Australia women's national soccer team, Riley plays for the New Zealand women's national football team.
Lala River may refer to:
Lala, a tributary of the Bistrița in Bistrița-Năsăud County, Romania
Lala River (Moldova), a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania
Lala River (Luza), a tributary of the Luza River in Russia
Langea is a genus of tiger beetles.
There are at least three described species in Langea.
Lauren Michele Jackson (born 1991) is an American culture critic and assistant professor of English and African American studies at Northwestern University.
Her first book, White Negroes (2019), is a nonfiction collection of essays that explores cultural appropriation.
Mnesarchaeoidea is a superfamily of "New Zealand primitive moths" containing one family, Mnesarchaeidae, and a two genera, Mnesarchaea and Mnesarchella, both of which are endemic to New Zealand.
Polish Judges Association "Iustitia" (Polish: Stowarzyszenie Sędziów Polskich „Iustitia”) is a self-governing association of Polish judges.
In late 2010s the organization has been described as "extremely active in defending the rule of law in Poland".
Prioniomus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Royal Charlotte was a three-masted merchant ship launched in 1819.
Royal Charlotte carried convicts to Australia in 1825.
On her way home to India via Batavia she wrecked on 11 June, but with minimal loss of life.
Sonnet 59 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare.
It's a part of the Fair Youth sequence, in which the poet expresses his love towards a young man.
"Synchronicity I" is a song by the Police, and the opening track from their album Synchronicity.
Written by Sting, the track was also released as a Japanese-only single.
Tigaon, officially the Municipality of Tigaon (Central Bikol: Banwaan kan Tigaon; Tagalog: Bayan ng Tigaon), is a municipality in the province of Camarines Sur, Philippines.
According to the 2024 census, it has a population of 61,790 people.
It is known for its scenic rivers, caves, and waterfalls, making it a good place for outdoor activities like hiking, camping, and wildlife watching.
Val Howell (died 25 January 2021) was a Welsh international lawn bowler.
Wesley Pruitt (born January 25, 1947) is an American politician, attorney, and social worker in the state of Washington.
He served in the Washington House of Representatives from 1987 to 1995 as a Democrat.
Pruitt was born in Springfield, Vermont and graduated in sociology at the University of Washington.
Yulia Evina Bhara (born 1 July 1982) is an Indonesian film and theatre producer.
She founded production company KawanKawan Media in 2016, which focuses on film production and international co-production.
The 1994–95 Nemzeti Bajnokság II was the 44th season of the Nemzeti Bajnokság II, the second tier of the Hungarian football league.
The Adviser to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh (বাংলাদেশের প্রধানমন্ত্রীর উপদেষ্টা) is a senior advisory position within the Government of Bangladesh.
Appointed directly by the Prime Minister, these advisers provide specialized counsel on policy matters, oversee specific ministries or departments, and hold ranks equivalent to cabinet ministers or state ministers.
The role allows the Prime Minister to incorporate expertise from outside the elected parliament into the executive branch, enhancing governance in key areas such as economics, security, and international relations.
This position is distinct from the advisers in caretaker governments, which are temporary and non-partisan.
Agata Ewa Korc (born 27 March 1986) is a Polish swimmer.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 50 m and 100 m freestyle events, but did not reach the finals.
Alderdale is an extinct town in Klickitat County, in the U.S.
state of Washington.
The GNIS classifies it as a populated place.
A post office called Alderdale was established in 1907, and remained in operation until 1962.
In 1917 it was reported as a station on the Spokane, Portland and Seattle Railway.
The community took its name from nearby Alder Creek.
Ana Luísa Pereira Luís (born 28 January 1976) is a Portuguese politician who serves in the Legislative Assembly of the Azores from Faial Island as a member of the Socialist Party since 2008.
She was President of the Legislative Assembly from 2012 to 2020, and a member of the Administrative Council in Horta, Azores.
Dhanapura  is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
It is located in the Hospet taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.
Jeannie Mah (born 1952) is a Canadian ceramic artist who is known for creating ceramic vessels that function as thought-provoking sculptures.
Joseph Fan Heng'an (simplified Chinese: 樊恒安; traditional Chinese: 樊恆安; pinyin: Fán Héng'ān; 16 October 1882 - 1975) was a Chinese Catholic priest and Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jining between 1933 and 1975.
KBFX may refer to:
KBFX-CD, a television station (channel 29) licensed to serve Bakersfield, California, United States
KBFX (FM), a radio station (100.5 FM) licensed to Anchorage, Alaska, United States
This is a list of notable Urbano artists (musicians, singers, rappers, and producers and groups).
The following is a list of football stadiums in Russia rated by capacity.
The minimum capacity is 10,000.
Stadiums in italic are part of 2018 World Cup.
Stadiums in bold are part of 2024–25 Russian Premier League.
In the folklore of Lee County, South Carolina, the Lizard Man of Scape Ore Swamp (also known as the Lizard Man of Lee County) is an entity said to inhabit the swampland of the region.
First mentioned in the late 1980s, the purported sightings and damage attributed to the creature yielded a significant amount of newspaper, radio, and television publicity.
Professor of religious studies Joseph P.
Laycock described the media frenzy and subsequent cult appreciation for this and other similar claims as following a predictable "chain of events – a strange sighting, media attention, more sightings, followed by visits from curious tourists and monster hunters".
Researcher Ben Radford states that this is a compelling story, "but several important aspects wither under skeptical scrutiny".
Lulinek [luˈlinɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
The Martha Springer Botanical Garden is a botanical garden on the campus of Willamette University, in Salem, Oregon, United States.
Opened in 1988, the 1-acre (4,000 m2) garden contains twelve smaller gardens stretched along the Mill Race that bisects the campus.
O Kang-Chol or O Khang-Chol (born 16 September 1993) is a North Korean weightlifter and Asian Games Champion competing in the 69 kg category until 2018 and 73 kg starting in 2018 after the International Weightlifting Federation reorganized the categories.
Robert Washington Jones (born December 25, 1959) is an American former professional football linebacker.
He played five seasons for the New York Giants.
He was special teams captain of the 1986 Giants team that won Super Bowl XXI.
For his play during the Super Bowl year, Jones was awarded special teams player of the year by the Giants organization and also named the special teams captain during the 1986 Super Bowl campaign.
Jones attended the University of Alabama and was picked 309th overall in the 1983 NFL draft.
He served as backup inside linebacker during most of his career with the Giants.
Robert Whitaker was a Baptist minister and political activist born in 1863 in Padiham, Lancashire, England.
He died in Los Gatos, California in June 1944.
In 1869 he moved with his family to the United States.
After attending Andover Newton Theological School he went on to hold several pastorates in the western United States including in Oakland, California, Los Gatos, California, and Seattle, Washington.
Whitaker was heavily involved in socialist and labor organizations in California.
He was acquainted with other activists such as Eugene Debs, Upton Sinclair, Jack London, and Fanny Bixby Spencer and spent considerable energy agitating for socialist causes.
To this end, he lectured frequently around California and founded several presses such as The Progressive Publishing Company, U.F.I.
Press, and Whitaker and Ray, Co.
He was also a progressive reformer of the church.
By 1912, he along with members of the Los Gatos Baptist Church, decided to cancel all "ritualistic ceremonies" and make baptism optional.
SP-355  is a state highway in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.
Vice Admiral Sally Brice-O'Hara (born c.
1953) is an American retired coast guardsman who was the 27th vice-commandant of the U.S.
Coast Guard.
Tias Mortigjija (7 April 1913 – 14 September 1947) was a Croatian journalist, publicist, and member of the Croatian Historical Revolution, best known for his activities during the existence of the Independent State of Croatia.
During this period he was chief editor of the most important Croatian newspaper and magazine, Spremnost.
The 2010 My AOD Favourites Awards (simplified Chinese: MY AOD我的最爱颁奖典礼2010; traditional Chinese: MY AOD我的最愛頒獎典禮2010), presented by Astro in Malaysia, was an awards ceremony that recognised the best Hong Kong television programmes that had aired on Malaysia's Astro On Demand (AOD) in 2010.
It replaced the Astro Wah Lai Toi Drama Awards, which recognised TVB dramas that aired on the Malaysian subscription channel, Astro Wah Lai Toi.
The ceremony took place on 3 December 2010 at the Shangri-La Hotel in Hong Kong.
Abram Fet (Russian: Абрам Ильич Фет, Ukrainian: Абрам Ілліч Фет) (5 December 1924 — 30 July 2009) was a Russian mathematician, Soviet dissident, philosopher, Samizdat translator and writer.
He used various pseudonyms for Samizdat, like N.
Klenov, A.B.
Nazyvayev, D.A.
Rassudin, S.T.
Karneyev, etc.
If published, his translations were usually issued under the name of A.I.
Fedorov, which reproduced Fet's own initials and sometimes under the names of real people who agreed to publish Fet's translations under their names.
Catocala pretiosa, the precious underwing, is a moth of the family Erebidae.
The species was first described by Joseph Albert Lintner in 1876.
It was included in Catocala crataegi by many authors, but recently it has been revalidated as a distinct species.
The subspecies of pretiosa is listed as a species of special concern and believed extirpated in the US state of Connecticut.
It is found from Massachusetts, Connecticut, and New Jersey west to Pennsylvania and south to Virginia and North Carolina and west to Tennessee into Louisiana and Oklahoma.
Subspecies texarkana is found from Florida to Texas.
The wingspan is 40–50 mm.
Adults are on wing from May to June.
There is probably one generation per year.
Larvae feed on Amelanchier, Malus, Photinia arbutifolia, and Prunus maritima.
The larvae of the pretiosa subspecies feeds on Amelanchier, Malus, and Aronia arbutifolia.
Ebenezer Brown (c.
1824 – June 5, 1883) was an English-born wholesale merchant and political figure in British Columbia.
He represented New Westminster from 1875 to 1878 and New Westminster City from 1878 to 1881 in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia.
He was educated in England and came to British Columbia in 1858.
A stonemason, he erected the border monument at the Point Roberts-Tsawwassen boundary.
Eugenio González Rojas (born January 23, 1903 – August 28, 1976) was a Chilean philosopher, scholar, politician and writer.
He was a founding member of the Chilean Socialist Party as well as its theoretician.
He has been commonly cited as an inspiration by Chilean left-wing intellectuals, scholars and politicians.
In 2014, the left-wing organization Nodo XXI established a school of political leaders baptized with his name.
Gamma Reticuli (Gamma Ret, γ Reticuli, γ Ret) is a solitary star in the southern constellation of Reticulum.
With an apparent visual magnitude of 4.5,  it can be faintly seen with the naked eye.
Based upon an annual parallax shift of 6.95 mas, it is located roughly 469 light years from the Sun.
At that distance, the visual magnitude is diminished by an extinction factor of 0.08 due to interstellar dust.
This is an evolved red giant star, currently on the asymptotic giant branch, with a stellar classification of M4 III.
It is a semiregular variable with a period of 25 days.
Gamma Reticuli has 1.5−2 times the mass of the Sun, 115 times the Sun's radius, and radiates 1,846 times the solar luminosity from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 3,450 K.
Gamma Reticuli is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 24.8 km/s relative to the Sun.
Its projected Galactic orbit carries it between 24,100 and 39,200 light years from the center of the Galaxy.
Granoturris padolina is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
"Herzlich lieb hab ich dich, o Herr" (From my heart I hold you dear, o Lord) is a Lutheran hymn in German by the Protestant theologian and reformer Martin Schalling, written in Amberg in 1569 and first printed in 1571.
It is sung to an anonymous melody, Zahn No.
8326, which appeared in a tablature book for organ in 1577.
The hymn is often used for funerals, especially the third and last stanza, "Ach Herr, laß dein lieb Engelein" (Ah Lord, let thine own angels dear).
It appears in the current German Protestant hymnal Evangelisches Gesangbuch (EG).
Holdfast is a civil parish in the Malvern Hills District of the county of Worcestershire, England.
It is one of three administered by the Parish Council of Longdon, Queenhill and Holdfast.
It lies on the west bank of the River Severn immediately to the south of Upton upon Severn.
The name Holdfast derives from the Old English holfæsten meaning 'stronghold by a hole', or 'stronghold in a hollow'.
Jillian T.
Dempsey (born January 19, 1991) is an American professional ice hockey player for the Boston Fleet of the Professional Women's Hockey League (PWHL).
The former captain of the Boston Pride of the now-defunct Premier Hockey Federation (PHF), she holds the all-time PHF records for games played, goals, assists, and points, and is one of only two players to have won the Isobel Cup three times.
La Fortuna is a district of the Bagaces canton, in the Guanacaste province of Costa Rica.
Malka is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
It is part of Kharian Tehsil and is located at 32°51'0N 73°59'0E with an altitude of 285 metres (938 feet).
Malka village is 8 km from Guliana on the main Manglia Road.
This road goes to Manglia, Thuta Rai Bahadur, and passing along different villages connects to Azad Kashmir.
99% of people belong to Awan-Malik Tribe.
Mannu Bhandari (3 April 1931 – 15 November 2021) was an Indian author, screenplay writer, teacher, and playwright.
Primarily known for her two Hindi novels, Aap Ka Bunty (Your Bunty) and Mahabhoj (Feast), Bhandari also wrote over 150 short stories, several other novels, screenplays for television and film, and adaptations for theatre.
She was a pioneer of the Nayi Kahani movement in Hindi literature, which focused on the aspirations of the emerging Indian middle class, and her work is notable for its depiction of the inner lives of middle-class working and educated women.
Her work tackles themes of family, relationships, gender equality, and caste discrimination in India.
Bhandari's writing has been extensively adapted for film and stage, including productions for Doordarshan (India's public broadcast service), the BBC, and the National School of Drama in India.
Her work has been widely translated into other Indian languages from Hindi, as well as French, German and English.
She received numerous awards in India for her work, including the Uttar Pradesh Hindi Sansthan and the Vyas Samman.
She was one of the most notable writers in 21st-century Hindi literature, with the Indian Express describing her as a "doyenne of the Hindi literary world," after her death.
Max Glick is a Canadian television comedy-drama series, which aired on CBC Television from 1990 to 1991.
Based on the Morley Torgov novel The Outside Chance of Maximilian Glick and its 1988 film adaptation, the series centred on Maximilian Glick, a young Jewish boy coming-of-age in Beausejour, Manitoba in the 1960s.
Though set in Beausejour, the series was filmed on location in Vancouver and Agassiz, British Columbia.
Palt is a traditional Swedish meat-filled potato dumpling, of which there are many different variants.
Palt is more common in the northern part of Sweden.
Palt is traditionally served with butter and lingonberry preserves, and a glass of cold milk on the side.
Sandy Amerio (born October 4, 1973) is a film director, visual artist, researcher and writer.
The Tally-Ho!
Open Tennis Championships also known as the Tally-Ho!
Hard Courts, was a combined men's and women's clay court tennis tournament originally founded in 1923.
The tournament was held at the Tally Ho Lawn Tennis Club, Edgbaston, Birmingham, England until 1982.
The Rice Sprout Song is a 1955 novel by Eileen Chang (Zhang Ailing).
It was her first attempt at writing fiction in English and with it, she addresses political issues relevant to early 20th Century China in a far more direct approach than she was ever akin to.
The novel depicts the extreme ruthless nature of the land redistribution movement of the Communist regime.
The novel highlights the horrors and suffering it caused a southern agrarian village in early 1950s China and hinges on the lives of a large family of peasant landowners in the countryside.
In doing so, the novel portrays several elements of a traditional Chinese family structure and the prominent culture of that era.
The novel portrays the various and severe implications that the larger political institutions surrounding them impose, primarily the famine that led to the subsequent suffering of the peasants.
It describes the desperation of ordinary farmers in the face of hunger in detail, and by analyzing the causes of hunger, highlights the contradiction between farmers' needs and government control, as well as the conflict between human nature and system.
In the novel, there is also the cultural and organizational construction of the government in the countryside.
Although it is also a means for the government to control the countryside, it obviously has no distinct theme of "hunger" because of its social progress.
The novel depicted the circumstances that a certain extreme communist policy had on the people in an intimate and vivid way by capturing the intricacies and rituals of family life as well as provide an accurate portrayal of the voices of countryside peasants.
In doing so, Chang undoubtedly insinuates anti-communist ideologies and sparks a discourse about the dangers of communism as well as a retrospection at the harsh decisions of the communist party.
The communist government was depicted to be the new landlord with proportionately more power and greed, wherein regardless of the peasant's hard work they never have enough to eat.
Triawd y Coleg (the College Trio) were a Welsh close harmony group formed at University College of North Wales, Bangor in 1945 and comprising Meredydd Evans, Cledwyn Jones and Robin Williams.
The trio achieved national fame as regulars on the Welsh language light entertainment radio programme Noson Lawen in the 1940s, and have been described as "perhaps the first Welsh-language pop group".
Trichlorogermanate is the inorganic anion with the formula GeCl−3.
It is the chloride adduct of germanium dichloride:
GeCl2 + Cl−  →  GeCl−3
The anion can be isolated as a quaternary ammonium salt.
The anion is similar to trichlorostannate (SnCl−3).
The anion is pyramidal according to X-ray crystallography with Cl-Ge-Cl angle of about 95° and Ge-Cl distance of 232 pm.
The 2012 European Triathlon Championships was held in Eilat, Israel from 20 April to 22 April 2012.
Anarchism in Taiwan first developed out of the anti-imperialist resistance to the Empire of Japan, when a number of young Taiwanese nationalists were exposed to anarchism during their studies abroad.
Influenced by the anarchist movements in China and Japan, and in close cooperation with a number of Korean anarchists, the Taiwanese anarchist movement reached its height during the 1920s, before being suppressed by 1931.
The High Level Bridge is a bridge that spans the North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
The House of Montmirail is a French noble family from the Middle Ages, originally from the village of Montmirail, in the County of Champagne, and was a vassal of the Count of Champagne.
Interleukin-2 receptor subunit beta is a protein that in humans is encoded by the IL2RB gene.
Also known as CD122; IL15RB; P70-75.
Jasad is a death metal band from Bandung, Indonesia, formed in 1990.
Kanagawa Prefectural Kanagawa Sohgoh High School (神奈川県立神奈川総合高等学校, Kanagawa Kenritsu Kanagawa Sōgō Kōtōgakkō; "Kanagawa Comprehensive High School") is a public senior high school in Kanagawa-ku, Yokohama.
It is a part of the Kanagawa Prefectural Board of Education.
It has special provisions for non-Japanese students, as it accepts the Zaiken Gaikokujin-tō Tokubetsu Boshū (在県外国人等特別募集).
The Minnesota Home School for Girls was a reformatory in Sauk Centre, Minnesota, United States.
It was Minnesota's first single-sex reformatory for girls from its establishment in 1911 to 1967, when it switched to a coeducational model and shortened its name to the Minnesota Home School.
The facility closed in 1999.
The campus was designed on the Cottage Plan, with dispersed buildings in a bucolic setting, by Minnesota state architect Clarence H.
Johnston Sr.
The site has been converted to a veteran care center called Eagle's Healing Nest.
The campus was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 as the Minnesota Home School for Girls Historic District for its state-level significance in the themes of architecture and social history.
It was nominated for being the first Minnesota state facility designed to treat female juvenile delinquents, for embodying the Cottage Plan theory of institutional design, and for Johnston Sr.
Márton Gyurján (born 1 May 1995) is a Hungarian football player who plays for Szentlőrinc.
His brother Bence is a footballer too.
Nucella squamosa, common name the scaly dogwhelk, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Oleg Anatolyevich Bogayev (Russian: Оле́г Анато́льевич Бога́ев; also transliterated as Bogaev or Bogaiev; born 1970) is a Russian playwright based in Yekaterinburg.
He has been described by Moscow Times theatre critic John Freedman as "one of the first and best-known students to graduate from [Nikolai] Kolyada’s playwriting course at the Yekaterinburg State Theatre Institute." He is now on the faculty at the same school.
Bogaev is also the editor of the Ural (Russian: Урал) literary magazine, a post he took over from his mentor Nikolai Kolyada in August 2010.
Qwan Ki Do or Quán Khí Đạo is a Vietnamese martial art that was codified in France in 1981.
Qwan Ki Do is practiced internationally, with schools in Asia and Europe.
The practice combines the use of hand-to-hand techniques and weapons, with moves combined in both formalised combinations, termed Thao Quyen, and freeform settings.
Qwan Ki Do includes stances, punches, kicks, throws, holds and many other techniques.
Weapon moves include the traditional sword art of Viet Lon Guom.
Practitioners can progress through three levels, called So Dang, Trung Dang and Thuong Dang or Nhap Man, Trung Man and Dai Man, at which different coloured belts are worn.
As well as improving physical attributes like strength and flexibility in adults, the practice has been shown to help promote good mental health in children.
"The Gold Rush Is Over" is a song written by Cindy Walker, sung by Hank Snow, and released on the RCA Victor label (catalog no.
20–4522).
In April 1952, it peaked at No.
2 on Billboard's country and western juke box chart (No.
4 best seller and jockey).
It spent 18 weeks on the charts and was ranked No.
10 on Billboard's 1952 year-end country and western juke box chart and No.
13 on the year-end best seller chart.
Thirdmoon are a melodic black metal and death metal band from Austria.
Route 45W (US 45W) is a 62.33-mile-long (100.31 km) United States Numbered Highway in West Tennessee, connecting Jackson with South Fulton via Humboldt, Trenton, Rutherford, and Union City.
For the majority of its length, it runs concurrently with unsigned State Route 5 (SR 5).
Warren Kinston (born 16 May 1945) is an Australian scientist, psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, systems thinker and entrepreneur.
West Wiltshire was a non-metropolitan district in Wiltshire, England.
It was abolished on 1 April 2009 and replaced by Wiltshire Council.
Wufutang station (Chinese: 五福堂站; pinyin: Wǔfútáng zhàn) is a station on Line 8 of the Beijing Subway.
It was opened on December 30, 2018.
The Zeppelin-Lindau Rs.IV (known incorrectly postwar as the Dornier Rs.IV) was a Riesenflugzeug (Giant aircraft) monoplane all metal flying boat with a stressed skin hull and fuselage developed for the Imperial German Navy to perform long range patrols over the North Sea.
It had been developed by Claudius Dornier while working for Zeppelin in the town of Lindau.
−5 may refer to:
The negative of the number 5
The Minus 5, American band
The Minus 5 (album), album by the group of the same name
Minus V, compilation album by Do As Infinity
The year 1631 in science and technology involved some significant events.
The 69th annual Sydney Film Festival was held from 8 to 19 June 2022.
First Nations anthology film We Are Still Here opened the festival, while Hirokazu Kore-eda's drama film Broker was the closing film.
The most prestigious award, Sydney Film Prize, was awarded to drama film Close, directed by Lukas Dhont.
A Battery (The Chestnut Troop) Royal Horse Artillery is the senior Battery in the British Army's Royal Artillery and is part of 1st Regiment Royal Horse Artillery.
The Chestnut Troop is currently based in Purvis Lines at Larkhill Barracks.
The unit is currently equipped as a Close Support Artillery Battery, with the AS-90 Self-propelled gun.
All Saints Church is a Grade II* listed Anglican church located on Putney Common, London.
All Saints is one of the two churches in the Parish of Putney, the other being St Mary's Church, Putney.
The parish is within the Wandsworth Deanery, the Kingston Episcopal Area and the Diocese of Southwark.
Bakerella is a genus of North American planthoppers in the family Delphacidae.
Species include:
Bakerella angulata Beamer, 1950
Bakerella bidens Beamer, 1945
Bakerella bullata Beamer, 1950
Bakerella cinerea Beamer, 1945
Bakerella cornigera Beamer, 1950
Bakerella fusca Beamer, 1945
Bakerella maculata Crawford, 1914 – type species
Bakerella minuta Beamer, 1950
Bakerella muscotana Beamer, 1946
Bakerella pediforma Beamer, 1950
Bakerella penefusca Beamer, 1950
Bakerella rotundifrons Beamer, 1945
Bakerella spinifera Beamer, 1950
Ervin Bruce McSweeney (born 8 March 1957) is a New Zealand cricketer.
He played 16 One Day Internationals in the 1980s as a wicketkeeper-batsman.
Helminthoglypta tudiculata, common names the southern California shoulderband or southern shoulderband, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae.
This snail is endemic to the United States.
Joshua Robert Risdon (/rɪzdən/; born 27 July 1992) is an Australian professional soccer player who plays as a right-back for Perth Glory in the A-League Men competition in Australia.
Risdon has represented Australia on several occasions since debuting in 2015.
Kylie Gauci  (born 1 January 1985) is an Australian Paralympic 2-point wheelchair basketball player.
She participated in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, where she won a silver medal; in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, where she won a bronze medal, and the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, where she won a second silver medal.
Gauci represented Australia at the 2002, 2006 and 2010 World Championships, and was named to the World All Star 5 at the World Championships in Amsterdam in 2006.
She has played over 180 international games.
Playing with the Hill's Hornets, Gauci was named the Women's National Wheelchair Basketball League (WNWBL)'s Most Valuable Player (MVP) 2 Pointer and named to the All Star Five on five consecutive occasions.
In 2006 she switched to the North's Bears, now known as the Stacks Goudkamp Bears, and was named MVP 2 Pointer and All Star Five six times in a row.
Laura Samson (formerly known as Laura Samsonová; born 10 March 2008) is a Czech professional tennis player.
She has a career-high singles ranking of No.
218 by the WTA, achieved on 13 October 2025 and a best doubles ranking of No.
149, reached on 8 September 2025.
Samson won the girls' doubles title at the 2023 Wimbledon Championships and was a runner-up in girls' singles at the 2024 French Open.
This is a list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of Westmeath.
There were lieutenants of counties in Ireland until the reign of James II, when they were renamed governors.
The office of Lord Lieutenant was recreated on 23 August 1831.
German Luftwaffe and Kriegsmarine Radar Equipment during World War II, relied on an increasingly diverse array of communications, IFF and RDF equipment for its function.
Most of this equipment received the generic prefix FuG (German: Funkgerät), meaning "radio equipment".
During the war, Germany renumbered their radars.
From using the year of introduction as their number, they moved to a different numbering scheme.
Never Sold Out is a live double album by Japanese rock band Luna Sea, released on their 10th anniversary, May 29, 1999.
It compiles live recordings spanning their career up to that point, from 1991 to 1998.
The album reached number five on the Oricon Albums Chart, and charted for six weeks.
In June 1999, it was certified Gold by the RIAJ for sales over 200,000.
"Si Me Ves Con Alguien" (English: "If You See Me With Someone") is a song by Peruvian singer Leslie Shaw.
It was released by Sony Music in 2018.
Southern Illinois University Press or SIU Press, founded in 1956, is a university press located in Carbondale, Illinois, owned and operated by Southern Illinois University.
The press publishes approximately 50 titles annually, among its more than 1,200 titles currently in print.
Southern Illinois University Press is a member of the Association of University Presses.
A Star Wars Pez is a Pez candy dispenser themed after the Star Wars movies, and is one of the company's most prominent merchandising deals.
Approximately 100 dispensers have been released on the market from 1997 to 2023, among the many collectibles spawned by the franchise.
The extreme interest of marketing executives in all things Star Wars has spawned a scholarly interest in the "materializing fantasy media" such as these Pez dispensers.
It has also led to several museums to feature such Stars Wars memorabilia in their exhibits and/or gift shops, as well as media attention on this fairly odd phenomenon.
The Long Fall Back to Earth is the ninth full-length studio album from the American Christian rock band Jars of Clay.
It was released on April 21, 2009, through Gray Matters and Essential Records.
The album was nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album category in 2010.
The following is a brief history of the North American rail system, mainly through major changes to Class I railroads, the largest class by operating revenue.
WSNN (99.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a 1980s hits format.
It is licensed to Potsdam, New York, United States.
The station is owned by Timothy D.
Martz, through licensee Martz Communications Group Inc.
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
The 14th Armoured Regiment was a unit of the Australian Army, which served during World War II.
The regiment was formed in May 1942 as part of the 6th Australian Armoured Brigade.
It was originally a Militia unit which originated from the 17th Light Horse (Machine Gun) Regiment.
It was disbanded in early 1943 without seeing combat.
Ada Belle Dement (1888 – November 28, 1945) was an American educator and clubwoman.
In 1941, she became president of the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs (NACWC).
Anubandham (lit.
'Relation') may refer to:
Anubandham (1984 film), a Telugu film
Anubandham (1985 film), a Malayalam film
The Athena RTV was a research missile, developed by Atlantic Research Co., designed to simulate the re-entry conditions of intercontinental ballistic missiles.
It was primarily launched from Green River, targeting White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico, covering a range of 760 km.
Later flights from Wallops Island impacted into the sea.
The missile, spin-stabilized, consisted of four stages: the first two lifting the payload to about 200 km, and the third and fourth stages accelerating it to a peak velocity of 6700 m/s on the downward trajectory.
Configuration was as follows: two Recruit boosters, one Castor-1 stage, one Pedro (TX-261-3) stage, one Alcor stage and one Alcyone (BE-3B1) stage.
The project began in February 1964 and included launches over nine years, with a total of 141 Athena launched to test re-entry vehicles and study their behavior.
By August 1965, 85 flights were completed, and the program ran until 1969.
The US Army managed the test range, while the USAF Space and Missile Systems Organization oversaw the program.
Later, the larger Athena-H variant was developed for continued re-entry testing.
It consisted of four Recruit boosters, one Castor-4 stage, one Antares-2 stage and one Alcor-IA stage.
Athena-H was launched 18 times between 1971 and 1974 from Green River and Wake Island.
A canonical coronation (Latin: Coronatio Canonica) is a pious institutional act of the pope, duly expressed in a formal decree of a papal bull, in which the pope bestows the pontifical right to impose an ornamental crown, a diadem or an aureole to an image of Christ, Mary or Joseph that is widely venerated in a particular diocese or locality.
The act was later regulated to Marian images only, through the De coronatione imaginum B.V.
Mariae that was issued on 25 March 1973.
The formal act is generally carried out by a representing proxy of the pope, via the designated apostolic nuncio to a country or kingdom, or at times a lesser papal legate, or on rare occasions by the pope himself, by ceremonially attaching a crown, tiara, or stellar halo to the devotional image or statue.
The Holy Office originally issued the authorisation of a canonical coronation through a dicastery, called the "Vatican Chapter".
Subsequently, until 1989, the Vatican's Sacred Congregation of Rites was assigned this duty.
Since then, the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments makes the formal consultation and arrangement to execute the ceremonial act which the decree authorizes.
Danielle Tahuri (born 22 December 1988; as Danielle Barry) is a New Zealand badminton player who plays for the Te Atatu badminton club.
In 2010, she competed at the Badminton at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
In 2015, she reach the mixed doubles final at the Oceania Championships and won silver.
She also won the women's doubles bronze in 2010, 2015 and 2017; and the mixed doubles bronze in 2017.
English footballer of the year may refer to the winner of either:
FWA Footballer of the Year
PFA Players' Player of the Year
PFA Women's Players' Player of the Year
Falling Home is the fifth solo album by American singer-songwriter Jude Cole, released by his Watertown Records label on September 1, 2000.
The album was not released by a major record label, and was Cole's first independent release.
Nathaniel Thomas Wilson (born July 20, 1968), better known by his stage name Kool G Rap (or simply G Rap), is an American rapper.
He began his career in the mid-1980s as one half of the group Kool G Rap & DJ Polo and as a member of the Juice Crew.
He is widely considered to be one of the most influential and skilled MCs of all time, and a pioneer of mafioso rap/street/hardcore content and multisyllabic rhyming.
On his album The Giancana Story, he stated that the "G" in his name stands for "Giancana" (after the mobster Sam Giancana), but on other occasions he has stated that it stands for "Genius".
He has also been cited as a major influence on some of hip-hop's most critically acclaimed figures, such as the Notorious B.I.G., Nas, Eminem and Jay-Z, as well as many underground rappers.
Matagalls is one of the highest mountains of the Montseny Massif, Catalonia, Spain.
It has an elevation of 1,697.9 metres above sea level.
It's the starting point of many popular hikes, like the Matagalls-Montserrat.
Max Morise (5 April 1900 – 29 October 1973) was a French artist, writer and actor, associated with the Surrealist movement in Paris from 1924 to 1929.
He was friends with Robert Desnos and Roger Vitrac before they joined the Surrealist movement.
He contributed articles to La Revolution Surrealiste and took part in a series of round table discussions held by the group, regarding the nature of sex.
He also participated in several Surrealist games, most famously the "exquisite corpse".
André Breton quotes Morise twice in the first Surrealist Manifesto; after saying "We do not have any talent", Breton provides a quote by Vitrac and Paul Éluard, then says "Ask Max Morise" and provides this quote:
The bear of the caves and his friend the bittern, the vol-au-vent and his valet the wind, the Lord Chancellor with his Lady, the scarecrow for sparrows and his accomplice the sparrow, the test tube and his daughter the needle, this carnivore and his brother the carnival, the sweeper and his monocle, the Mississippi and its little dog, the coral and its jug of milk, the Miracle and its Good Lord, might just as well go and disappear from the surface of the sea.
Later, Breton includes this quote: "The color of a woman's stockings is not necessarily in the likeness of her eyes, which led a philosopher who it is pointless to mention, to say: 'Cephalopods have more reasons to hate progress than do quadrupeds.'"
Morise also acted in several films including Ciboulette (1933), Le Crime de Monsieur Lange (1936), and Drôle de drame (1937).
Melithaeidae is a family of corals in the order Malacalcyonacea.
Members of the family are commonly known as sea fans and are found on reefs in the tropical regions of the Indo-Pacific.
The Morane-Saulnier M.S.325 was a French Air Force fighter aircraft built by Morane-Saulnier in 1933 to meet the requirements of 1930 fighter aircraft specification.
The design was unsuccessful and was abandoned in 1934.
Quentin Daubin (born 3 July 1995) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for  Championnat National club Valenciennes.
S2P may refer to:
The Men's 50 metre freestyle competition of the 2019 African Games was held on 24 August 2019.
USS Planter was a steamer taken over by Robert Smalls, a Southern slave and ship's pilot who steered the ship past Confederate defenses and surrendered it to Union Navy forces on 13 May 1862 during the American Civil War.
The episode is missing from Scharf's History of the Confederate States Navy, except for one sentence saying that Smalls "stole" the ship.
For a short period, Planter served as a gunboat for the Union Navy.
As the ship burned wood, which was scarce where the Navy was operating, the Navy turned the ship over to the Union Army for use at Fort Pulaski on the Georgia coast.
In 1863 Smalls was appointed captain of Planter, the first black man to command a United States ship, and served in that position until 1866.
The United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida (in case citations, S.D.
Fl.) is the federal United States district court with territorial jurisdiction over the southern part of the state of Florida.
Appeals from cases brought in the Southern District of Florida are to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit (except for patent claims and claims against the U.S.
government under the Tucker Act, which are appealed to the Federal Circuit).
US Post Office—Olean is a historic post office building located at Olean in Cattaraugus County, New York.
It was designed and built in 1910-12 and is one of a number of post offices in New York State designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the Treasury Department, James Knox Taylor.
It is a two-story masonry and steel frame building.
Its Renaissance Revival design complements the adjacent Olean Public Library.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It is located in the Union and State Streets Historic District.
On 25 January 2014, Chang Ter-cheng (張德正) attempted to drive a 35-tonne truck through the main doors of the Presidential Office Building, Taiwan.
Access Radio Chicago was the name used for four AM radio stations in the Chicago market, all owned by Newsweb Corporation offering brokered programming, ethnic programming, and occasional music:
WAIT 850, Crystal Lake, Illinois
WNDZ 750, Portage, Indiana
WSBC 1240, Chicago, Illinois
WCFJ 1470, Chicago Heights, Illinois
Agnes Rosetta Wood (née Eady, 26 May 1921 – 12 December 2013) was a New Zealand artist and writer.
She is known for her research and writing on the life of fellow New Zealand artist Colin McCahon.
The Australian Film Institute International Award for Best Actress was an award in the annual Australian Film Institute Awards (by AFI).
It was awarded from 2005 to 2010.
The award has been superseded by the AFI's AACTA International Award for Best Actress.
Christian Music in Australia has been played since the first European settlers arrived in the late 18th century, and forms part of the cultural life of religion in Australia and worldwide Christian Music.
Australians have contributed to a variety of genres of Christian music including the liturgical music, classical music, hymns, Christian rock, country gospel, and Christmas music, as well as cross-over contemporary music sung by popular artists such as Johnny O'Keefe, Paul Kelly (folk rock), Nick Cave and Slim Dusty.
Notable contemporary Christian music milestones in Australia include Sister Janet Mead's rock version of "The Lord's Prayer", which was the first Australian record to sell over a million copies in the United States of America; Jimmy Little's Royal Telephone, which made him the first Aboriginal to attain a No.
1 hit on the Australian charts; and Guy Sebastian's Receive the Power, which welcomed the Pope to World Youth Day 2008.
Dame Street (; Irish: Sráid an Dáma) is a large thoroughfare in Dublin, Ireland.
Embraceable You is a 1948 romantic drama film starring Dane Clark and Geraldine Brooks, and directed by Felix Jacoves.
SS-Aufseherin (pl.
SS-Aufseherinnen; German: [ˈaʊ̯fˌzeːəʁɪn] ; lit.
'female SS overseer') was the position title for a female guard in Nazi concentration and extermination camps.
Female camp personnel were members of the SS-Gefolge auxiliary organization, which served the SS-Totenkopfverbände (SS-TV) in a limited capacity as these women were not formally recognized as members of the Schutzstaffel (SS).
The GE C44-8W, is a 4,400 hp (3,280 kW) diesel-electric locomotive built by GE Transportation Systems of Erie, Pennsylvania, part of the GE Dash 9 Series of freight locomotives.
These are considered to be pre-production testbed models of the GE Dash 9 series, utilizing the frame, trucks, and carbody from a GE C40-8W.
The term "C44-8W" is mostly an unofficial term, as these are officially designated as "C44-9Ws" on the locomotive cab sides.
These are pre-production Dash 9s, built on C40-8W carbodies.
However, unlike the C40-8W, these are instead equipped with a 4400 HP GE 7FDL16, and GE "Dash-9" Electrical systems.
Other examples of these also include the ALL/EFVM ordered C44-9WMs.
These share the same C40-8W carbody quirk, but instead utilized a modified 'Brazilian' cab for tunnel clearance.
While the Dash-8 term is more of a nickname, it still follows the GE Tradition of nicknaming locomotives by the electrical system.
It began with the GE "Dash-7" series in the 1970s, continuing until the debut of the "Dash-9" series, the last to be named as such.
This series of design has been successful amongst North American, Australian, and Brazilian railroads.
Little Aston Hall is a Georgian country house in Little Aston, Staffordshire, England.
The original hall building is Grade II listed.
It was constructed around 1730 by Richard Scott of nearby Great Barr Hall, in a Georgian style with a park and lake.
The house was restyled by architect James Wyatt for William Tennant in the early 19th century.
It was enlarged and improved at a reputed cost of £35,000 in 1857 by Hon Edward Swynfen Parker Jervis, younger son of Edward Jervis Jervis, 2nd Viscount St Vincent and great nephew of Admiral of the Fleet John Jervis, 1st Earl of St Vincent, the naval hero of the 1797 Battle of Cape St Vincent.
In the early 20th century the hall had a number of owners.
The Birmingham solicitor Joseph Bennett Clarke purchased Little Aston Hall with 1500 surrounding acres in 1907, though he kept only 100 acres of the estate for gardens, a deer park, and Barns Farm.
The rest was sold, and 400 acres were transformed into Little Aston Golf Course.
16 houses were built on the former estate.
Clarke died in 1924 and the hall was sold to Harry Scribbans, a wealthy cake maker, with only 118 acres (0.48 km2).
The remaining land was sold at auction piecemeal.
Unoccupied from 1950, the house became the Midlands regional headquarters of Esso in 1954, later the Head Office of Birfield Ltd.
In 1966 it was acquired by GKN.
In 1984 the site was redeveloped.
The original hall was converted into seven superior residential apartments, whilst retaining its external appearance.
In addition seven new modern style double blocks each of six apartments were built in the grounds overlooking the lake, giving 49 apartments, most occupied by retirees.
Further development of eight large detached houses known as Lakeside occurred alongside the apartments.
In the 2000s around 100 apartments known as Lady Aston Park exclusively for the over 55s were built.
A BUPA residential care home and private BUPA hospital followed.
Microphysogobio chinssuensis is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish belonging to the family Gobionidae, the gudgeons.
This species is endemic to the upper reaches of the Yangtze River.
The New Zealand cricket team toured Bangladesh from 5 to 17 October 2010 for a five-match One Day Internationals (ODI) series.
Bangladesh won four ODIs and the other was abandoned without play.
This was Bangladesh's first series victory against a full-strength Test-playing nation (excepting the West Indies series plagued by players' strike).
North Dakota Highway 46 (ND 46) is a 121-mile-long (195 km) road in eastern North Dakota, crossing the Red River Valley between Streeter and Oxbow.
It parallels and runs about 20 miles (32 km) south of Interstate 94 (I-94).
I-29 borders it on the east and ND 30 borders it on the west.
Qarababa or Karababa may refer to:
Qarababa, Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan
Qarababa, Zangilan, Azerbaijan
Karababa, Çınar, Turkey
Karababa, Araban, Turkey
Rutherford Birchard Hayes ( ; October 4, 1822 – January 17, 1893) was the 19th president of the United States, serving from 1877 to 1881.
He served as Cincinnati's city solicitor from 1858 to 1861 and was known as a staunch abolitionist who defended refugee slaves in court proceedings.
At the start of the Civil War, Hayes left a fledgling political career to join the Union army.
He was wounded five times, most seriously at the Battle of South Mountain in 1862.
Hayes earned a reputation for bravery in combat, rising in the ranks to serve as brevet major general.
After the war, he was a prominent member of the "Half-Breed" faction of the Republican Party.
Hayes served in Congress from 1865 to 1867 and was elected governor of Ohio, serving two consecutive terms from 1868 to 1872 and half of a third two-year term from 1876 to 1877 before his swearing-in as president.
Hayes won the Republican nomination in the 1876 United States presidential election.
In the disputed general election, he defeated Democratic nominee Samuel J.
Tilden while losing the popular vote.
Neither candidate initially secured enough electoral votes to win, but Hayes prevailed after a Congressional Commission awarded him 20 contested electoral votes in the Compromise of 1877.
The electoral dispute was resolved in an agreement between Southern Democrats and Whiggish Republican businessmen whereby Hayes would be president but end both federal support for Reconstruction and the military occupation of the former Confederacy.
Hayes's administration was influenced by his belief in meritocratic government and equal treatment without regard to wealth, social standing, or race.
One of the defining events of his presidency was the Great Railroad Strike of 1877, which Hayes resolved by calling in the U.S.
Army against the railroad workers.
It remains the deadliest conflict between workers and strikebreakers in American history.
He appointed John Marshall Harlan to the U.S.
Supreme Court.
As president, Hayes implemented modest civil service reforms that laid the groundwork for further reform in the 1880s and 1890s.
He vetoed the Bland–Allison Act of 1878, which put silver money into circulation and raised nominal prices, but Congress overrode his veto.
Hayes also arbitrated a territorial dispute between Argentina and Paraguay after the Paraguayan War.
His policy toward western Native Americans anticipated the assimilationist program of the Dawes Act of 1887.
At the end of his term, Hayes kept his pledge not to run for reelection and retired to his home in Ohio.
Historians and scholars generally rank Hayes as an average to below-average president.
The Santa Clara Battery, with its two remaining coastal guns, one a caliber 305mm (12") Ordóñez HSE Modelo 1892 rifle and the other a 280mm (11") Krupp, stands on the grounds of the Hotel Nacional de Cuba, in Vedado, Havana.
There is a small museum featuring the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis in the battery.
During the crisis, Fidel Castro and Che Guevara set up their headquarters there to prepare the defense of Havana from aerial attack.
The museum is in tunnels there known as the Cueva Taganana (Taganana Cave), for the hill on which the battery stands.
The Tallahassee bus boycott was a political and social protest campaign against the policy of racial segregation on the public transit system of Tallahassee, Florida.
The campaign lasted from May 26, 1956, to December 22, 1956, and contributed to the broader civil rights movement in the United States.
The boycott began when Wilhelmina Jakes and Carrie Patterson, two Florida A&M University students, were arrested by the Tallahassee Police Department for "placing themselves in a position to incite a riot".
Robert Saunders, representing the NAACP, and Rev.
Steele began talks with city authorities while the local Black community started boycotting the city's buses.
The Inter-Civic Council ended the boycott on December 22, 1956.
On January 7, 1957, the City Commission repealed the bus-franchise segregation clause because of the United States Supreme Court ruling Browder v.
Gayle (1956).
Tragedy of a Ridiculous Man (Italian: La tragedia di un uomo ridicolo) is a 1981 Italian film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci.
It stars Anouk Aimée and Ugo Tognazzi, who was awarded the Best Male Actor Award at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival for his performance.
In his review, Vincent Canby describes the film as, "Bernardo Bertolucci's very good, cerebrally tantalizing new film, Tragedy of a Ridiculous Man, the story of what may or may not be a terrorist kidnapping of the sort that has been making Italian headlines with increasing frequency in recent years."
Wild Streak is the forty-first studio album by American musician Hank Williams Jr.
It was released by Warner Bros.
Records on June 21, 1988.
"If the South Woulda Won" and "Early in the Morning and Late at Night" were released as singles.
The album reached No.
1 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
"Tuesday's Gone" is a Lynyrd Skynyrd cover which later appeared on the 1994 compilation Skynyrd Frynds.
Women reading in art refers to any artistic work representing one or more women in the act of reading.
This subject matter is quite common, with images appearing as early as the 14th century.
Viewers are often exposed to a private, personal moment through these works.
Reading Woman (c.1660) by Pieter Janssans Elinga portrays reading as an intimate and introspective activity.
Beyond the exchange of ideas between author and reader, scholar James Conlon, describes reading as an intimate and erotic subject, through the captivating book that touches and holds the reader's attention, and offers tactile pleasure in weight.
As a result, the image of a woman reading becomes one of sexual subversion, and a source of fear for the male viewer or artist.
In Western, patriarchal societies, Conlon argues, the act of reading takes a woman out of subservient role and into a context where personal pleasure, knowledge, and enjoyment is literally in her hands.
Parliamentary elections were held in Nicaragua in November 1918 for half of the Deputies and a third of the Senators of the National Congress.
Acalyptris argyraspis is a species of moth of the family Nepticulidae.
It was described by Puplesis and Diskus in 1995.
It is known from Tajikistan.
Ana Figueiredo (born 1974) is a Portuguese business executive who is the CEO of Altice Portugal, the largest telecommunications service provider in Portugal, formerly known as Portugal Telecom.
The Anglican Diocese of Owo is one of twelve within the Anglican Province of Ondo, itself one of 14 ecclesiastical provinces within the Church of Nigeria: the current bishop is Stephen Ayodeji Akinwale Fagbemi.
It is located in the town of Owo, an area with 222,000 residents.
The following events occurred in April 1939:
Aristarkh Apollonovich Belopolsky (Аристарх Аполлонович Белопольский; July 13 [O.S.
July 1] 1854 – 16 May 1934) was a Russian and later Soviet astronomer.
He was born in Moscow but his father's ancestors are from a Serbian town called Belo Polje.
Adjunct professor since 1900, extraordinary (1903) and ordinary (1906) academician of the Imperial Academy of Sciences.
Chauvirey-le-Vieil is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Dippach-Reckange railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Dippech-Reckeng, French: Gare de Dippach-Reckange, German: Bahnhof Dippach-Reckingen) is a railway station serving the town of Bettange-sur-Mess, in south-western Luxembourg.
It is named after the nearby towns of Dippach and Reckange-sur-Mess, which lie to the north-west and south-east of Bettange respectively.
It is operated by Chemins de Fer Luxembourgeois, the state-owned railway company.
The station is situated on Line 70, which connects the south-west of the country to Luxembourg City.
A guided bomb (also known as a smart bomb, guided bomb unit, or GBU) is a precision-guided munition designed to achieve a smaller circular error probable (CEP).
The creation of precision-guided munitions resulted in the retroactive renaming of older bombs as unguided bombs or "dumb bombs".
Jinan University Lebanon (Arabic: جـامعة الجنان) is a private nonprofit institution of higher education with campuses located in the cities of Tripoli and Saïda in Lebanon, West Asia.
Lake Eastland, also known as Lake Brelsford is a reservoir located in Eastland, Texas.
The lake is situated north of Eastland, and south of Morton Valley.
Laram Salla (Aymara larama blue, salla rocks, cliffs, "blue rocks", also spelled Laransalla) is a mountain in the western extensions of the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia which reaches a height of approximately 4,700 m (15,400 ft).
It is located in the La Paz Department, Los Andes Province, Batallas Municipality.
Laram Salla lies southwest of Kimsa Chata and southeast of Qullqi Chata.
The Leica SL (Typ 601) is a full-frame mirrorless interchangeable-lens camera announced by Leica Camera AG on 20 October 2015.
The SL was promoted as a camera system for professional applications.
Beside the Leica S-System, the Leica SL-System was the 2nd professional camera system in the company's product portfolio.
The SL (Typ 601) was succeeded by the Leica SL2 in 2019.
Below is a list of  nominations and appointments to the Department of State by Joe Biden, the 46th president of the United States.
As of August 2, 2024, according to tracking by The Washington Post and Partnership for Public Service, 41 nominees have been confirmed, 15 nominees are being considered by the Senate, 5 positions do not have nominees, and 20 appointments have been made to positions that don't require Senate confirmation.
Milton Antiseptic Ltd was an English company which made the household antiseptic solution.
Registered as Milton Proprietary Ltd in 1923, the company changed its name to Milton Antiseptic Ltd.
in May 1942.
The company was wound up in 1960.
During World War II, the company benefited from an endorsement by a medical official broadcast in the United Kingdom in August 1940: during the talk Milton was named as a suitable hypochlorite antiseptic to sterilize water.
In 1958 the company merged with Richardson-Merrell, Inc.
(formerly Vick Chemical Company).
Skraba ( SKRAH-bə; born November 29, 1961) is an American politician serving in the Minnesota House of Representatives since 2023.
A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, Skraba represents District 3A in northern Minnesota, which includes the cities of International Falls and Ely, and parts or all of Cook, Itasca, Koochiching, Lake, and St.
Louis Counties.
Rola Saad (Arabic: رولا سعد; born in Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon on September 9, 1948) is a Lebanese television personality and owner of Vanilla Productions.
She is well known for her appearance in her number-one show in the Middle East Star Academy Arab World since 2004 on Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation (LBC).
In July 2011, she completed the production of 8 full seasons of Star Academy.
Service choreography in business computing is a form of service composition in which the interaction protocol between several partner services is defined from a global perspective.
The idea underlying the notion of service choreography can be summarised as follows:
"Dancers dance following a global scenario without a single point of control"
That is, at run-time each participant in a service choreography executes its part according to the behavior of the other participants.
A choreography's role specifies the expected messaging behavior of the participants that will play it in terms of the sequencing and timing of the messages that they can consume and produce.
Choreography describes the sequence and conditions in which the data is exchanged between two or more participants in order to meet some useful purpose.
Tadeusz Popiel (1863 – 22 February 1913) was a Polish painter, known for his religious and historical scenes; especially his work on several famous panoramas.
His brother was the sculptor Antoni Popiel.
Tiongo-Pani is a village in the Piéla Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso.
Alexandria Ariana was a settlement founded by Alexander the Great in 330 BC during his invasion of Persia and Central Asia.
The city was the first of many founded by Alexander to be established in the eastern satrapies of the crumbling Achaemenid Empire.
The remains of the ancient city lie in the general area of the modern settlement of Herat, Afghanistan, in the ancient regions of Aria and Ariana.
There has been extensive historical debate regarding the relationship of Alexander's foundation to the Achaemenid citadel of Artacoana, its predecessor.
As no excavations of Herat have taken place, the precise location of Alexandria Ariana is unknown.
The 3rd Biathlon European Championships were held in Ridnaun, Italy.
Six competitions were held for athletes U26: sprint, individual and relays.
The Boulton & Paul P.6 was a one-off conventional single-engined biplane built by Boulton & Paul Ltd to test the aerodynamics of different airfoil sections.
It was later used as the company sales machine.
Capacity in English law refers to the ability of a contracting party to enter into legally binding relations.
If a party does not have the capacity to do so, then subsequent contracts may be invalid; however, in the interests of certainty, there is a prima facie presumption that both parties hold the capacity to contract.
Those who contract without a full knowledge of the relevant subject matter, or those who are illiterate or unfamiliar with the English language, will not often be released from their bargains.
It is recognised however that minors, and those who are deemed mentally incapacitated, may need to be able to create binding agreements when acquiring essential items for living, or for employment.
Thus, contracts for necessaries (goods or services deemed necessary for ordinary living) will always be legally binding.
Equally, minors have the capacity to enter into contracts for employment, when the terms of such an agreement are of general benefit to them.
If not, then they may elect to avoid the contract and have their property returned.
Companies were also significantly limited in the range of contracts they could bind themselves to under their objects clause, until reform in the Companies Act 1989.
If the directors, or the officers of a company enter an agreement with another person or business, and that agreement is beyond the list of business tasks set under the company's constitution, then the contract will be invalid if the third party in bad faith has knowingly taken advantage of the company.
Otherwise, under the Companies Act 2006, the contract will remain valid, and shareholders must sue the director or officer for losses.
Dishwalla is the self-titled fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Dishwalla.
The album was released on March 15, 2005.
It is the last album to feature J.
Richards as vocalist prior to his 2008 departure, before Justin Fox took over the role.
Handel Gothic is a geometric sans-serif typeface designed in 1965 by Donald J.
Handel (1936–2002), who worked for the graphic designer Saul Bass.
Handel Gothic was an instant success when first released.
The typeface was originally distributed in film format by FotoStar and was reissued in the 1980s by Robert Trogman.
The typeface was popular in the 1980s, due to its futuristic design, and even today is used to signify the future; it has been used in the credits of both Star Trek: Voyager and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine as well as the logo for Close Encounters of the Third Kind and the menu text for the 2000 Nintendo 64 game Perfect Dark.
Handel Gothic was widely used in the 2001 video game Halo: Combat Evolved, especially in its title screen and UI.
Handel Gothic was also used for the end credits on CBS' The Price Is Right from 1972–1981.
Handel Gothic was also used for the end credits of Sesame Street (from 1983–1992).
Handel Gothic was also used for the album cover of Jamiroquai's 1994 album The Return of the Space Cowboy.
It was also the typeface of choice for designer Robert Dawson's title sequence for the 1984 science fiction film Trancers (1984), and more recently the credits font of Pixar's Elio (2025).
A modified version of Handel Gothic was used for the logo of the second incarnation of Viacom from 2006 to 2019.
Handel Gothic is also featured on all the Volvo cars.
The Elsner+Flake, Linotype and URW++ versions use a curved leg on uppercase R (like that of Helvetica), a horizontal tail on the uppercase Q (like that of Univers), a curved lower leg on the lowercase k, and a trident-like lowercase w.
The Bitstream and Tilde SIA versions, however, use a thicker 1, a straight leg on the uppercase R (like that of Akzidenz-Grotesk), a straight lower leg on the lowercase k, and a double-v w.
Christian Schwartz designed the Simian Display typeface, inspired from the Handel Gothic typeface, used by American science fiction media franchise Planet of the Apes and available in 3 weights named after primates ("Orangutan" for Regular, "Chimpanzee" for Bold, "Gorilla" for Black).
Thai type designer Anupap Jaichumnan designed the Flatory typeface, which also was inspired from the Handel Gothic typeface; it is available in four versions (sans-serif, serif, slab serif, high-contrast sans-serif).
Horgenglarus (stylized horgenglarus) is a Swiss furniture manufacturing company based in Glarus, Switzerland.
Founded in 1880, the company is the oldest chair and table manufacture in Switzerland.
The company was founded in Horgen on Lake Zurich and relocated to Glarus in 1902, hence the name.
In the past several prominent architects have designed for the company such as Max Ernst Haefeli, Werner Max Moser, Max Bill and Trix & Robert Haussmann.
Several products of the company ever since advanced to being Swiss design classics.
In 2011, the company was sold to the von Nordeck family.
Hussein Ali El Shahat Ali Hassan (Egyptian Arabic: حُسَيْن عَلِيّ الشَّحَّات عَلِيّ حَسَن, born 21 June 1992) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays for Egyptian Premier League club Al Ahly as a winger.
Hyongmyong sinmun (Korean: 혁명신문; Hanja: 革命新聞; lit.
'Revolution Newspaper') was a communist newspaper published from Seoul, Korea in the fall of 1945.
It was an organ of the 'Changan' faction of the Communist Party of Korea.
John Anderson (1665 – March 28, 1736) was a Scottish colonel who served as acting governor of New Jersey in 1736.
Keith Brady Miller is professor of geology at Kansas State University in the United States.
He is editor of Perspectives on an Evolving Creation (Eerdmans, 2003), an anthology of essays by prominent evangelical Christian scientists who accept theistic evolution (also called evolutionary creationism).
Since 2013, Miller has been listed on the Advisory Council of the National Center for Science Education.
He is also a prominent board member of the Kansas Citizens for Science, a not-for-profit educational organization that promotes a better understanding of science.
Langabad (Persian: لنگ اباد, also Romanized as Langābād; also known as Nāşerābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 521, in 107 families.
Monesteriu d'Ermu is one of 54 parish councils in Cangas del Narcea, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
The church of Santa Maria, a historic artistic monument, is located here.
People from Grasshopper-Club visit the monument frequently during off season.
Nawojka (pronounced: [naˈvɔi̯ka]; 14th or 15th century) was a medieval Polish woman who purportedly dressed as a boy in order to study at the University of Kraków in the 15th century.
She is said to have later become a nun and is considered the first female student and teacher in Poland.
Lieutenant-General Otto Karl Lorenz von Pirch or Pirch II (23 May 1765 in Stettin in Pomerania – 26 May 1824 in Berlin) was a Prussian officer who fought in the Napoleonic Wars.
Phoenicus or Phoinikous  (Ancient Greek: Φοινικοῦς) may refer to:
Querfront (German: [ˈkʋeːɐˌfʁɔnt]  – lit.
'cross-front') is a German term originating from Weimar politics which refers to the cooperation between the far-right and far-left, or between nationalist and socialist ideologies, as well as the combination of their positions.
It is primarily understood as a populist strategy to unite forces in an effort to gain power.
The term was first and most prominently used in the Weimar Republic, where it referred to the cooperation between conservative revolutionaries and the far-left.
The term sees adoption as a descriptor, or outright stated strategy, in modern-day Germany.
Some have however criticized the modern usage as inaccurate from a historical perspective.
Tacoma was a steamship that served from 1913 to 1938 on Puget Sound.
Built of steel, Tacoma was known for being one of the fastest and best-designed vessels to operate on Puget Sound.
Tacoma was particularly noted for high-speed service from 1913 to 1930 on the route between Tacoma and Seattle.
The Four Postmen are an American rock band from Los Angeles, consisting of Ken Weiler (electric guitar, vocals), Matt Kaminsky (vocals, keyboards), Stefan Marks (acoustic guitar, vocals), Geoff Dunbar (drums), and Brett Pearsons (bass guitar).
The Grace Lee Project is a 2005 American documentary film directed and co-written by Grace Lee.
It is about Lee's attempt to define a common set of stereotypes associated with the name that she shares with the film's subjects.
Juan Martín del Potro was the defending champion, but lost to Gilles Simon in the quarterfinals.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga won the title, defeating Tomáš Berdych in the final, 3–6, 7–6(8–6), 6–4.
The 2023 Conference USA football season was the 28th season of college football play for Conference USA (CUSA).
The season began on August 26, 2023 and ended with the Conference Championship Game on December 2, 2023.
The conference consisted of nine members and was part of the 2023 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
Arye is a Hebrew masculine given name and occasionally a surname, a spelling variant of Aryeh.
Arye Carmon
Arye Gross
Arye Kohavi
Arye Nehorai
Arye Rosen
Arye Sharuz Shalicar
The Charlotte Harbor and Northern Railway Depot is a historic Charlotte Harbor and Northern Railway (CH&N) depot in Boca Grande, Florida.
It is located at Park and 4th Streets.
The station was built by the CH&N in 1910; the railroad's parent company, the American Agriculture and Chemical Company, had several phosphate mines in the area and wanted a railroad to ship its phosphate and other goods.
The company played an important role in Boca Grande's early development, both by building the railroad and station and by opening a hotel and selling land.
The station continued service when the railroad was acquired by the Seaboard Air Line Railroad in the 1920s.
Rail service began to diminish during the Great Depression, and later during the post-World War II period, when it closed in 1958.
Until its closure, the railroad was the only land connection between Boca Grande and mainland Florida.
On December 13, 1979, the station was added to the U.S.
National Register of Historic Places.
Since 1985, the station has been a notable landmark along the Boca Grande Bike Path.
Canada Lands Company Limited (French: Société immobilière du Canada) is a self-financing federal Crown corporation reporting to the Parliament of Canada through Public Services and Procurement Canada.
The company is responsible for managing property on behalf of the federal government, conducting public consultation and integrating properties back into their surrounding communities for development.
Most of its assets are located in Canadian urban centres, and are sold after the CLC revalued the property by providing managerial support and subsidizing immediate costs such as decontamination.
However, the company retains ownership of some of Canada's most valued properties, such as Downsview Park, the CN Tower, the Old Port of Montreal and the Montreal Science Centre, from which it draws rental and hospitality revenues.
Chandanapally may refer to places in India:
Chandanapally, Kerala, a village in Kerala state
Chandanapally, Andhra Pradesh
The men's individual time trial event was part of the road cycling programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
The results of individual cyclists were summed to give team results in the team time trial event.
The field consisted of 71 cyclists from 22 countries.
The course was a 188-kilometre (117 mi) loop beginning and ending at the Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir.
Danildo José São Pedro Accioly Filho (born 30 March 1981), known as Accioly, is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a central defender, currently assistant manager of Portuguese club Santa Clara.
He spent the better part of his professional career with Portuguese club Santa Clara, competing mainly in the Segunda Liga (270 matches).
Dzyarzhynsk rural council  is a lower-level subdivision (selsoviet) of Dzyarzhynsk district, Minsk region, Belarus.
The informal organization is the interlocking social structure that governs how people work together in practice.
It is the aggregate of norms, personal and professional connections through which work gets done and relationships are built among people who share a common organizational affiliation or cluster of affiliations.
It consists of a dynamic set of personal relationships, social networks, communities of common interest, and emotional sources of motivation.
The informal organization evolves, and the complex social dynamics of its members also.
Tended effectively, the informal organization complements the more explicit structures, plans, and processes of the formal organization: it can accelerate and enhance responses to unanticipated events, foster innovation, enable people to solve problems that require collaboration across boundaries, and create footpaths showing where the formal organization may someday need to pave a way.
Joseph Souberbielle (18 March 1754 in Pontacq – 10 July 1846 in Paris) was a French surgeon.
He was a relative of Jean Baseilhac (1703–1781), a surgeon who was a major influence to Souberbielle's career.
He moved to Paris in 1774, where he was student of Pierre-Joseph Desault (1738–1795).
Afterwards, he worked as a military physician, subsequently serving as chief surgeon for the victors of the Bastille (1789).
In 1793 he was a juror of the Revolutionary Tribunal.
Known for his work in lithotomy, especially using the suprapubic method.
It is believed that he performed over 1200 suprapubic operations for removal of calculi during his career.
As did Jean Baseilhac, he advocated use of a caustic paste containing arsenic for cauterization of cancers.
The mixture found particular use in treatment of facial ulcers.
During the French revolution he was a close associate of Maximilien Robespierre and narrowly survived being guillotined in the events of 9 thermidor 1794.
Lorenz Hengler (3 February 1806 – 1858) was a Catholic priest, astronomer, and aeronaut, the first of three people to independently invent the horizontal pendulum.
Machhlishahr is a Lok Sabha parliamentary constituency in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Machhlishar Loksabha is combined of Jaunpur And Varanasi districts.
Mali participated in the 2021 Islamic Solidarity Games held in Konya, Turkey from 9 to 18 August 2022.
The games had been rescheduled several times.
In May 2021, the ISSF postponed the event to August 2022 citing the COVID-19 pandemic situation in the participating countries.
Tanahey (1874 – May 20, 1930) was an American politician who was the alderman of New York City's 1st district from 1922 to his death in 1930.
A Democrat, he served much of the Lower East Side and Financial District in Manhattan.
Born on the Lower East Side, Tanahey was a member of the Tammany Hall political machine, serving under boss Tom Foley and holding appointed posts in the early 20th century before becoming alderman.
Popular but in poor health, Tanahey was considered a possible Tammany leader of the 1st district after Foley's 1925 death but yielded to colleague Peter J.
He and Hamill would continue to be a part of local politics until Hamill died in January 1930; Tanahey himself would die of pneumonia in May.
A playground was named in Tanahey's honor in 1952.
Mediana is an important archeological site from the late Roman period, located in the eastern suburb of the Serbian city of Niš.
It represents a luxurious residence with a highly organised economy.
Excavations have revealed a villa with peristyle, thermae, granary and water tower.
The residence dates to the reign of Constantine the Great, from 306 to 337.
Although Roman artifacts can be found scattered all over the area of present-day Niš, Mediana represents the best-preserved part of Roman Naissus.
In 1979, Mediana was added to the Archaeological Sites of Exceptional Importance list, protected by the Republic of Serbia.
"Now My Heart Is Full" is a song by British singer Morrissey from his fourth solo album Vauxhall and I.
The song's refrain of "Dallow, Spicer, Pinkie, Cubitt" references the gangsters from Graham Greene's 1938 novel Brighton Rock and the film of the same name.
In an interview published in Les Inrockuptibles in 1995, Morrissey stated "This song was the definitive expression of my change to adulthood, of my maturity.
And, to be honest, I was very happy to be able to sing this text, to have reached this state.
After this song I could perfectly retire: I've come full circle."
Phoebe Bridgers named it to her list of five essential Morrissey songs, commenting, "This song best encapsulates Morrissey for me."
Quazinone (Dozonone) is a cardiotonic and vasodilator drug which was developed and marketed in the 1980s for the treatment of heart disease.
It acts as a selective PDE3 inhibitor.
It is no longer available.
Ronnie “Plaffeministeren” Schwartz Nielsen (born 29 August 1989) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a striker.
He made a total of 27 appearances for various Danish national youth teams, scoring four goals.
Three ships in the United States Navy have been named USS Jarvis for James C.
The first USS Jarvis (DD-38) was a Paulding-class destroyer launched in 1912, served in World War I and decommissioned in 1919.
The second USS Jarvis (DD-393) was a Bagley-class destroyer launched in 1937, served in World War II and sank in battle in August 1942.
The third USS Jarvis (DD-799) was a Fletcher-class destroyer launched in 1944, served in World War II and the Korean War.
She was transferred to the Spanish Navy in 1960.
1 Museum Street is a historic building in the city centre of York, in England.
The building was constructed in 1860, to a design by Rawlins Gould.
It initially served as the city's register office.
Later, it served as a Conservative Club, with committee rooms, a bar and a snooker room; it then became council offices.
The building has two storeys and is built of orange brick, with stone dressings.
It is of 11 bays, one of which curves around the corner from Museum Street into Blake Street.
The main entrance is on Museum Street, and has double doors with a fanlight above.
Most of the sash windows have four panes, although a few retain the original eight panes.
The window pediments are alternately triangular and segmented.
The upper floor has Doric order pilasters.
In 1909, a brick balustrade was added to the roof.
Inside, a grand staircase leads up to the first floor room, which contains a wooden tablet to the memory of John Hodgson, from Strensall.
The room has housed meetings of the Board of Guardians of the York Poor Law Union.
In 1986, the building was Grade II listed.
In 2010, it was purchased by the York Conservation Trust, which renovated it to become the city's tourist information centre.
The office remained there until 2022.
Arbeiter Sport-Klub Sparkasse Stadtwerke Voitsberg is an Austrian football club located in Voitsberg, a town in the state of Styria in the south-east of the country.
They currently play in the Regionalliga Mitte, one of the third tiers of Austrian football.
Abyssocomitas is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
Belrieth is a municipality in the district Schmalkalden-Meiningen, in Thuringia, Germany.
The Big Bamboo Lounge was a bar in Kissimmee, Florida known as a popular after-work hangout for players, coaches, and fans of the Houston Astros during spring training in nearby Osceola County Stadium and year-round for employees of the Walt Disney World Resort.
It was located at  4849 W.
Irlo Bronson Highway, Kissimmee, FL 34746.
It was known simply as "The Boo" by regulars.
One of those regulars was Ralph Kent, the Disney artist who was hired by Walt himself in 1963.
The front of the bar was decorated with a World War II-era ambulance and spotting tower which were maintained by customer and employee volunteers.
The bar opened in 1977 when Bruce Muir, a former World War II fighter pilot, bought the former home of a doctor and modeled the bar after those he had experienced in the South Pacific.
The walls were decorated with Disney employee name tags and business cards from visitors.
In keeping with the theme of the South Pacific of the 1930s bartenders wore Hawaiian shirts and featured swing music.
The Big Bamboo was closed in 2004 due to hurricane damage.
In December 2005, a fire destroyed the building, believed by officials to be started by vagrants trying to keep warm.
The bar remains closed.
The bar was frequented by Con Cage and Aryn The Great to get lemon drops from legendary bartender J-Man.
The bar featured an eclectic drink menu (cocktails, beer, wine) with the signature drinks being "The Big Bamboo" and the legendary "Swamp Water," with the former listed in the menu as made with "Rum, rum, and more rum" and having an appropriately light red appearance.
The bar did not make or serve food; however, at various times bagged snack chips were available for purchase.
Customers were also allowed and encouraged to order pizza delivery to the bar.
Over the years employees from both Universal and Walt Disney World donated a limited amount of theme park paraphernalia.
Most notable and recognizable were Disney ride vehicle seats from "Test Track" which found a home in the small hallway just outside the restrooms.
After the Owner and founder Bruce Muir died in 1999 and long time Bartender, Ray Guenther, retired from bartending at the Bamboo, the essential character of the Bar changed.
"The Book" was the complete opposite of what the Bamboo stood for for 22 years.
Unfortunately, in their absence, the tradition of "The Book" which was kept under the bar began.
"The Book" was an album of photos of mostly female patrons who were photographed flashing their breasts in the bar and who also would then donate their bras to "The 'Boo" so they could then be stapled to the ceiling of the bar.
The current whereabouts of "The Book" are not known.
In 2003, Astro's broadcaster Larry Dierker was so enamored with the bar that he built a replica at the Astros Minute Maid Park in Houston, Texas.
The 2006 Tim Dorsey novel The Big Bamboo is named after the bar, which is repeatedly visited by the main characters during special occasions.
On Sept 1, 2020, the vacant land was sold for $1,150,000.
In 2024, construction began at the site to build a luxury condo hotel called "The Flats Orlando."
William George Westwick (August 2, 1908 – June 19, 1990) was a Canadian sports journalist.
He wrote for the Ottawa Journal from 1926 to 1973, was mentored by Basil O'Meara, then served as the paper's sports editor from 1942 until retirement.
Westwick regularly covered ice hockey, Canadian football, and boxing; and had a reputation for not hurting anyone, being accurate, and unquestioned veracity.
As the sports editor, he sought for his staff to report the facts first, then develop a personal writing style with time, and mentored his successor Eddie MacCabe.
Westwick was the son of Harry "Rat" Westwick, and was inducted into the Ottawa Sport Hall of Fame and the Canadian Football Hall of Fame.
Chakaltsi is a village in Dzhebel Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern Bulgaria.
Curtis Lee Fuller (born July 25, 1978) is an American former professional football player who was a safety in the National Football League (NFL).
He was selected by the Seattle Seahawks in the fourth round of the 2001 NFL draft.
He played college football for the TCU Horned Frogs.
He played safety.
Fuller wore the number 18 and appeared in 32 total games during his time at TCU between the seasons of 1998 till 2000.
He made 243 tackles and 3 interceptions during his time at TCU.
During the 2000 season TCU ranked #2 in total ranked defensive and #1 in takeaways.
During that time he was the president of Fellowship of Christian Athletes.
He also played for a season at TJC during 1996-1997 before committing to TCU in 1998.
Fuller went on to play for the Green Bay Packers and Carolina Panthers.
He was a scout for the Dallas Cowboys before launching his NFL coaching career.
Fuller served as assistant coach for the Oakland Raiders, Green Bay Packers, Tennessee Titans, Carolina Panthers, and the Arizona Cardinals.
Fuller and the Green Bay Packers ended their 2010 season with a Super Bowl 45 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers.
The Packers defeated their opponents with a score of 31–25.
When serving as an assistant coach for the Panthers, Fuller secured his second Super Bowl opportunity.
He and the Panthers reached Super Bowl 50 on February 7, 2016.
The Panthers fell to the Denver Broncos by a score of 24–10.
During his time with the Carolina Panthers he got the chance to assistant coach at the 2014 Pro Bowl.
Since his time with the Panthers, Fuller has coached the Myers Park High School football team in Charlotte, NC.
In the 2019 season, he was the DB coach.
In the next season of 2020, he became the defensive coordinator.
In his final season of 2021, he was the head coach of Myers Park.
He coached, mentored, and prepared young athletes to stand out for the college draft.
In March 2022, Fuller was hired as the safeties coach at Texas A&M-Commerce.
In January 2023, Fuller was hired as the cornerback coach at Coastal Carolina University.
In December of 2024, Fuller was hired as the cornerback coach for the Appalachian State Mountaineers football team.
Throughout his coaching career, Fuller has worked with several prominent NFL players, including Josh Norman, James Bradberry, Budda Baker, Mike Adams (safety), Charles Woodson, Cortland Finnegan, Colin Jones (American football), Jason McCourty, Patrick Peterson, Captain Munnerlyn, and Michael Griffin (American football).
Emmanuel Yaw Frimpong (Akan:  frim-PONG) (born 10 January 1992) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
He began his career at Arsenal, where he won a FA Youth Cup and two Premier Academy League titles.
He also played for English sides: Wolverhampton Wanderers, Charlton Athletic and Fulham.
In January 2014, Frimpong moved to Barnsley, then to Russian team Ufa in September of that year.
He then featured for Arsenal Tula and subsequently that of AFC Eskilstuna of the Swedish Allsvenskan.
Although Frimpong represented England at youth level, in March 2013 he made his full international debut for Ghana, his country of birth.
He holds both a Ghanaian and a British passport.
Helga Guitton (born 18 December 1942) is a German radio and television presenter.
She was a disc jockey and interviewer for RTL and was presenter of the 1973 Eurovision Song Contest.
Hsp33 protein is a molecular chaperone, distinguished from all other known chaperones by its mode of functional regulation.
Its activity is redox regulated.
Hsp33 is a cytoplasmically localized protein with highly reactive cysteines that respond quickly to changes in the redox environment.
Oxidizing conditions like H2O2 cause disulphide bonds to form in Hsp33, a process that leads to the activation of its chaperone function.
"Java" is an instrumental adaptation from a 1958 LP of piano compositions, The Wild Sounds of New Orleans, by Tousan, also known as New Orleans producer/songwriter Allen Toussaint.
As was the case of the rest of Toussaint's LP, "Java" was composed in studio, primarily by Toussaint.
The first charting version, although it fell just short of the U.S.
Top 40, was done by Floyd Cramer in 1962.
In 1963, trumpet player Al Hirt recorded the instrumental, and the track was the first single from his album Honey in the Horn.
It was Hirt's first and biggest hit on the US pop charts, reaching #4 on the Billboard Hot 100 on February 29, 1964 and spending four weeks at #1 on the easy listening chart in early 1964.
The song was also featured on his greatest hits album, The Best of Al Hirt.
Hirt released a live version on his 1965 album, Live at Carnegie Hall.
He also recorded "Java" with Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops for the RCA Red Seal album Pops Goes the Trumpet (Holiday for Brass) in 1964.
Hirt's recording won the Grammy Award for Best Performance by an Orchestra or Instrumentalist with Orchestra in 1964.
Joseph Pepe may refer to:
Joseph Pepé (1881–1970), English sport shooter
Pepe (born 1942), American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church
Lawler is an unincorporated community in Salo Township, Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located near the junction of Aitkin County Roads 13, 16, and 27, Kestrel Avenue.
Nearby places include McGregor, Tamarack, East Lake, Ronald, and Kettle River.
Lawler is located in the east-central part of Aitkin County.
Wakefield Brook flows nearby.
Love Island series 2 may refer to:
Love Island (2005 TV series) series 2
Love Island (2015 TV series) series 2
The Noida Sector 144 is an elevated metro station on the North-South corridor of the Aqua Line of Noida Metro in the city of Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
It was opened on 25 January 2019.
Shame is Salman Rushdie's third novel, published in 1983.
This book was written out of a desire to approach the problem of "artificial" (other-made) country divisions, their residents' complicity, and the problems of post-colonialism when Pakistan was created to separate the Muslims from the Hindus after Britain gave up control of India.
The book is written in the style of magic realism.
It portrays the lives of Iskander Harappa (sometimes assumed to be Zulfikar Ali Bhutto), and
General Raza Hyder (sometimes assumed to be General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq), and their relationship.
The central theme of the novel is that begetting "shame" begets violence.
The concepts of 'shame' and 'shamelessness' are explored through all of the characters, with the main focus being on Sufiya Zinobia and Omar Khayyám.
Signore e signora is an Italian sitcom.
Spy is the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Carly Simon, released by Elektra Records in June 1979.
The title of the album is a tribute to Anaïs Nin, whose quote "I am an international spy in the house of love", is written across the top on the inside jacket.
Simon dedicated the album to producer Arif Mardin, in which she wrote in the liner notes, "Dedicated to Arif who is himself fantastic." It is also Simon's last album for Elektra Records, she signed with Warner Bros.
Records and released Come Upstairs the following year.
William Paulson (born 17 November 1994) is a middle-distance runner who competed for Great Britain and Canada.
The 1970 Dwars door België was the 26th edition of the Dwars door Vlaanderen cycle race and was held on 22 March 1970.
The race started and finished in Waregem.
The race was won by Daniel Van Ryckeghem.
Aethaloessa calidalis is a moth of the family Crambidae described by Achille Guenée in 1854.
It is found throughout the Seychelles, South and South-East Asia, Australia and on many Pacific islands.
This moth figured on an 8-cent stamp of Tuvalu in 1980.
Bitsihuitsos Butte is a summit in the U.S.
state of Arizona.
Bitsihuitsos is a name derived from the Navajo language meaning "tapered formation at its base.
Daniel Fischer is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Donald Oborowsky (born February 14, 1949) is a Canadian businessman and philanthropist, based in Edmonton, Alberta.
Faris Zubanović (born 12 June 2000) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a forward for First League of FBiH club Igman Konjic.
Francis K.
Butagira (born 22 November 1942) is a Ugandan lawyer, judge, politician and retired diplomat, who serves as the chairman of the Uganda Registration Services Bureau (URSB), an agency of the Ugandan government responsible for maintaining registration data.
He was appointed to that position in October 2015.
He concurrently serves as the Managing Partner of Butagira and Company Advocates, a Kampala-based legal practice.
Before that, he served as a Member of Parliament and as Speaker of the Ugandan Parliament (1980–1985).
He has also served as Ambassador to Ethiopia, Kenya, Germany, Austria and the Vatican.
He also served as the Permanent Representative of Uganda to the United Nations.
Jaqo's Dispossessed (Georgian: ჯაყოს ხიზნები; Jaqos khiznebi) is a novel by Georgian novelist Mikheil Javakhishvili.
It was first published in magazine Mnatobi (in 1924 - № 7–8 and 1925 - № 1).
During his life, it was published twice as a book, in 1925 and 1926.
It took author 20 years to write this novel.
This novel depicts social problems in the early 20th century of Georgia.
John Cayo Evans (1 March 1879 – 8 March 1958) was a Welsh mathematician and academic.
Kenneth Weiss may refer to:
Kenneth M.
Weiss, professor of anthropology and genetics at Pennsylvania State University
Kenneth P.
Weiss, American entrepreneur, human factors engineer and inventor
Kenneth R.
Weiss, (born 1957) investigative journalist for the Los Angeles Times
Croatia maintains a variety of political parties, some of which date back as far as 1841.
Since 1989, Croatia has a multi-party system with numerous parties that must collaborate to form coalition governments.
There are a total of 160 active political parties in Croatia as of November 3, 2024.
Since political parties were officially legalized in Croatia in 1990, a total of 409 have been registered to date, out of which 249 have been discontinued.
The legal position, conditions, method and procedure for the establishment, registration and termination of political parties are determined by the Political Parties Act.
Maria Hall-Brown is an American journalist, television producer, and actor.
Mary Shelley's Frankenhole is an American adult stop motion-animated television series created by Dino Stamatopoulos for Cartoon Network's late night programming block Adult Swim.
The series premiered on June 27, 2010 and ended on March 25, 2012, with a total of 20 episodes, over the course of 2 seasons.
Moncheux (French pronunciation: [mɔ̃ʃø]; German: Monchern) is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
It is 35 km north of Nancy and about 50 km south west from the border with Germany.
Port Anderson is a ghost town in Washington County, Mississippi, United States.
Samuel Ntanda-Lukisa (born 30 June 2005) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for Belgian Challenger Pro League club RSCA Futures.
Born in Belgium, he is a youth international for the DR Congo.
Sphenophryne rhododactyla is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.
It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Suck Creek may refer to:
Suck Creek, Tennessee, an unincorporated community in Marion County
Suck Creek, West Virginia, an unincorporated community in Summers County
The Sterling Chase, also known as Graduation Week, is a drama film written and directed by Tanya Fenmore and starring Nicholle Tom, Jack Noseworthy, Devon Odessa, Sean Patrick Thomas, Alanna Ubach and John Livingston.
The independent film was screened at the Mill Valley Film Festival on September 17, 1999 (see 1999 in film).
Screen story was written by Jeremy Dauber, currently an assistant professor at Columbia University.
Filming took place on the campuses of Bryn Mawr College and Rosemont College, namely in the Main Building, or Joseph Sinnott Mansion.
Yamanaka Onsen (山中温泉, yamanaka onsen) is a hot spring resort in the city of  Kaga, Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan.
As its name implies, it is in a mountainous region.
The Daishoji River runs through the resort.
It is a popular tourist spot for Japanese and foreign travelers.
This hot spring has one hotel and 20 ryokan.
The French 10th Army Corps (10e Corps d'Armée) was a major formation of the French Army during the Battle of France in 1940.
Under the command of Général de corps d'armée Charles Grandsard, it held the pivotal sector of Sedan.
Bastiaan Simon Boon (born 5 April 1967), best known as Bas Boon, is a Dutch founder and manager  of Golden Glory and Glory World Series.
But also known for his work in Bad Guys (2008), Shut Up and Shoot!
(2006) and How It All Went Down (2003).
He is the founder of now defunct Golden Glory, a network association of mixed martial artists and kickboxers headquartered in Curacao.
Golden Glory had offices in the Netherlands and Thailand, and had several gyms around the world.
Bas is also the co-founder of the brand Fight Game, and has a project on YouTube named "Kato Boon Family Goes Pigshit.”
Robert Cooper Allen Wright (20 February 1913 – 27 May 1998) was a Scottish footballer who played as a left half.
He made over 20 Football League appearances in the years before the Second World War.
Breaking Horizons (German: Am Himmel der Tag) is a 2012 German drama film directed by Pola Schirin Beck.
Criophthona baliocrossa is a moth in the family Crambidae.
It was described by Turner in 1913.
It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is 17–20 mm.
The forewings are fuscous mixed with whitish and darker along the costa and with dark-fuscous markings.
The hindwings are fuscous.
Adults have been recorded on wing in November.
Dulce María, a Mexican singer, songwriter, actress and author, has released four studio albums, one EP and 23 singles, 14 music videos and two lyric videos.
The Functional Element SNPs Database (FESD) is a biological database of single nucleotide polymorphisms in molecular biology.
The database is a tool designed to organize functional elements into categories in human gene regions and to output their sequences needed for genotyping experiments as well as provide a set of SNPs that lie within each region.
The database defines functional elements into ten types: promoter regions, CpG islands, 5' untranslated regions (5'-UTRs), translation start sites, splice sites, coding exons, introns, translation stop sites, polyadenylation signals, and 3' UTRs.
People may reference this database for haplotype information or obtain a flanking sequence for genotyping.
This may help in finding mutations that contribute to common and polygenic diseases.
Researchers can manually choose a group of SNPs of special interest for certain functional elements along with their corresponding sequences.
The database combines information from sources such as HapMap, UCSC GoldenPath, dbSNP, OMIM, and TRANSFAC.
Users can obtain information about tag SNPs and simulate LD blocks for each gene.
FESD is still a developing database and is not widely known so was unable to find projects that used the database.
Research was found using similar databases or databases that are combined in FESD's information pool.
The Glenblythe Plantation is a former plantation in Gay Hill, Washington County, Texas.
Before the American Civil War, it was cultivated with slave labor.
The plantation home is no longer standing, however in 1967, a historical marker was installed where it used to stand, as a reminder of a bygone era.
Ipuaçu is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.
Since 2008, the city is a regular setting of crop circles, which always appear on October or November and are often studied by Brazilian ufologists.
Itzhak Schneor (Hebrew: יצחק שניאור; 11 December 1925 – 20 November 2011) was an Israeli football player and manager.
The peak of his managerial career was when he, alongside Ya'akov Grundman, jointly coached the Israel national team from 1988 to 1992, and were one goal short of qualifying for the 1990 FIFA World Cup.
Kenneth H.
McAlister (born April 15, 1960) is an American former professional football player who played five seasons in the National Football League (NFL) with the Seattle Seahawks, San Francisco 49ers and Kansas City Chiefs.
He played college basketball at the University of San Francisco.
He did not play college football.
Mecyclothorax pomarei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Psydrinae.
It was described by Perrault in 1986.
The Norwegian Union of Telecommunication Workers (Norwegian: Norsk Teletjeneste Forbund, NTTF) was a trade union representing fitters and delivery workers at Televerket.
The union was founded in October 1930, as the Norwegian Telephone and Telegraph Union.
It affiliated to the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions, and by 1963, it had 8,047 members.
As of 1988, the union had 13,092 members.
In November, it merged with the Norwegian Telecommunication Organisation, to form the Norwegian Telecommunication and Data Workers' Union.
Omphale is an opera by the French composer André Cardinal Destouches, first performed at the Académie Royale de Musique (the Paris Opera) on 10 November 1701.
It takes the form of a tragédie en musique in a prologue and five acts.
The libretto is by Antoine Houdar de La Motte.
"Pain: Composed in Sickness" is a poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge.
The poem marks a time in Coleridge's life in which he began to take opium.
The Renault Talisman is a large family car manufactured by the French car manufacturer Renault from 2015 to 2025.
It replaced the Renault Laguna, as well as the larger Renault Latitude, for which no direct replacement was scheduled.
It was produced by Renault's Douai Renault Factory from 2015 to 2022 and its South Korean subsidiary Renault Korea from 2016 to 2025, where it was marketed as the Renault Samsung SM6.
Renault ended production of the Talisman in Europe in February 2022.
In April 2024, Renault Korea announced that the SM6 will be discontinued in South Korea as it adopted the global diamond logo on their other models.
Scrobipalpa dagmaris is a moth in the family Gelechiidae.
It was described by Povolný in 1987.
It is found in Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan and Mongolia.
Although the type location is northern Italy, the species is probably not found in Europe.
The type location was probably mistakenly given as Italy.
The length of the forewings is about 6 mm (0.24 in).
The larvae feed on Haloxylon persicum.
The Masters Review is an American literary magazine and book publisher based in Portland, Oregon.
Established in 2011 by founding editor Kim Winternheimer, the publication serves a platform for publishing and discovering new and emerging writers.
Since its inception, The Masters Review has been honored by the Independent Publisher Book Awards for Best Short Story Collection by the American Library Association and Foreword Reviews, a fellowship from Oregon Literary Arts for the work it does for new writers, and has stories recognized in The Best of the Net, The Best Small Fictions, and The Million Writers Award, among others.
It is distinguished from many other notable literary magazines by actively seeking work from previously unpublished writers.
Working with authors Lauren Groff, A.
Homes, Lev Grossman, Kevin Brockmeier, Amy Hempel, and Roxane Gay, The Masters Review produces a printed volume of ten stories annually, which showcases and promotes emerging writers.
It also publishes fiction and narrative nonfiction by new writers online, as well as stories and essays from guest writers including: Kate Bernheimer, Ben Loory, Manuel Gonzales, Julia Elliot, and Ottessa Moshfegh, to name a few.
The publication hosts several contests year round, including its notable Short Story Award for New Writers, which is held twice yearly and awards cash prizes, publication, and connects writers with literary agencies looking for new talent.
Tino Mohaupt (born 29 August 1983) is a German sports shooter.
He competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Major Walter Clopton Wingfield  (16 October 1833 – 18 April 1912) was a Welsh inventor and a British Army officer who was one of the pioneers of lawn tennis.
Inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1997 as the founder of modern lawn tennis, an example of the original equipment for the sport and a bust of Wingfield can be seen at the Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Museum.
The 20th Vietnam Film Festival was held from November 24 to November 28, 2017, in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, with the slogan "Building a modern and humane film industry" (Vietnamese: "Xây dựng nền công nghiệp điện ảnh hiện đại và nhân văn").
The Anderson Baronetcy, of Eyworth in the County of Bedford, was created in the Baronetage of England on 13 July 1664 for Stephen Anderson.
The title became extinct on the death of the third Baronet in 1773.
The first baronet was the son of Stephen Anderson of Eyworth, and nephew of Sir John Anderson, 1st Baronet of St Ives (1629).
The Anderson baronets of Eyworth were also related to the Anderson baronets of Penley (1643) and the Anderson baronets of Broughton (1660), who all used the same arms.
Arianrhod RPG is a Japanese fantasy role-playing game released in 2004.
At present, Arianrhod RPG is one of the most popular traditional RPG in Japan along with Sword World 2.0, Alshard and Dungeons & Dragons.
The related books including rulebooks, supplements, replays and novels were published 59 books until November 2010.
The game's flavor is similar to that of MMORPGs.
For example, guild skills shared by the party, skills similar to Final Fantasy XI's combos, and manga-like illustrations.
The basic setting's world, named Erindyll continent, is an orthodox fantasy world.
In 2008, the new series Arianrhod Saga began, and the new setting of another continent named Aldion was provided for a campaign setting suitable for war chronicle stories.
Arianrhod Saga contains several series of side stories named Across, Break, Concerto (manga), Death March, Étude, Fanbook (a replay with a drama CD), and several novels.
Arianrhod RPG is known for several voice actors such as Noriko Rikimaru, Ema Kogure, Naoki Yanagi, Kanako Sakai, Megumi Kojima, and Miyu Ohtake playing in official game sessions.
These session logs are commercially published as replays.
William Charles Putnam (August 12, 1922 – December 12, 1992) was an American college basketball player for the UCLA Bruins.
He earned second-team All-American honors in 1945, when he helped lead the Bruins to their first basketball championship, winning the Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) Southern Division title.
Putnam was later an assistant coach and assistant athletic director at UCLA.
He was inducted into the UCLA Athletics Hall of Fame.
The women's K-1 200 metres sprint canoeing competition at the 2014 Asian Games in Hanam was held from 27 to 29 September at the Misari Canoe/Kayak Center.
Crisis is a live album by the American jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman recorded at New York University in 1969 and released on the Impulse!
In 2017, Real Gone Music reissued Crisis on CD as part of a compilation that also included Ornette at 12.
Cryobacterium psychrotolerans is a Gram-positive, aerobic and psychrotolerant bacterium from the genus Cryobacterium which has been isolated from frozen soil from a glacier from the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region in China.
The women's individual pursuit class B track cycling event at the 2020 Summer Paralympics took place on 28 August 2021 at the Izu Velodrome, Japan.
This class is for the cyclist who is blind or has visual impairments, thus they ride tandem bicycles with a sighted cyclist (also known as the pilot).
There will be 9 pairs (18 competitors athlete+pilots) from 7 different nations competing.
Erasmus Albert Willson (13 October 1878 – 17 April 1948) was an English first-class cricketer who played in a single first-class match for Kent County Cricket Club during the 1898 season.
Willson was born at Sittingbourne in Kent in 1878, the son of dentist James Willson and his wife Catherine (née Twort).
He was educated at Borden Grammar School in the town where he played in the cricket XI and was considered a strong enough bowler to be offered a trial at Kent's Tonbridge Nursery after leaving school in 1897.
He impressed in a trial Second XI match at the end of the season and was brought on to the county's professional staff during the winter.
Playing as an amateur, Willson played his only first-class match during the following season.
He took a single wicket and scored a total of nine runs during the match, a County Championship fixture against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge in June.
He played club cricket for Gore Court Cricket Club in Sittingbourne, and took seven wickets in two further Second XI matches later in the 1898 season, but opted to pursue a career as a bank clerk, and did not play for the county again after the end of the season.
Willson married Nora Champion at Wandsworth in 1903.
The couple had one son and lived at Mitcham and Streatham.
During World War I he enlisted in the British Army in December 1915, but was not called for a medical until May 1917, when he joined 2 battalion, Artists Rifles.
He was posted to Hare Hall Camp at Romford in Essex in August where he served as a private, helping to train officer cadets.
He remained at Hare Hall for the rest of the war and was demobilised at Crystal Palace in February 1919.
Later in life Willson returned to Sittingbourne.
He died in the town in 1948 aged 69.
In the context of German patent law, the Formstein defence is a well-known defense against an alleged infringement by equivalents, wherein the alleged infringer claims that the embodiment alleged to be equivalent (to the subject-matter claimed in the patent) is not patentable and therefore the doctrine of equivalents does not apply.
It is similar to the UK's Gillette defense and the U.S.
Wilson case.
The name "Formstein" means "molded kerbstone" and comes from a landmark decision of the Federal Court of Justice of Germany (Bundesgerichtshof) issued in 1986.
Geoffrey "Sammy" Allard  (12 August 1912 – 13 March 1941) was a Royal Air Force (RAF) flying ace of the Second World War.
He is credited with having shot down at least nineteen aircraft, with several more shared and unconfirmed.
Born in York, Allard joined the RAF in 1929 as an aircraft apprentice.
Qualifying as a metal rigger when his training was complete, in 1936 he applied for pilot training.
He became a sergeant pilot in October 1937 and was posted to No.
87 Squadron.
At the time of the outbreak of the Second World War, he was serving with No.
85 Squadron which was subsequently sent to France.
He flew Hawker Hurricane fighters extensively during the Battle of France, claiming several aerial victories.
Briefly rested due to the hectic nature of the French campaign, he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal (DFM) in recognition of his successes.
The squadron was heavily engaged during the Battle of Britain and Allard destroyed a number of aircraft, for which he was awarded a Bar to his DFM, and, after his commissioning as a pilot officer, the Distinguished Flying Cross.
He died in a flying accident on 13 March 1941.
Gertrude  is the largest known crater on Uranus's moon Titania.
A peak-ring impact basin, it is roughly 326–400 kilometers across, 1/5 to 1/4 of Titania's diameter.
Gertrude was first observed by the Voyager 2 spacecraft on its January 1986 flyby of the Uranian system.
It is named after Gertrude, the mother of Prince Hamlet in William Shakespeare's play Hamlet.
The name Gertrude was officially adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1988.
Features on Titania are named after female Shakespearean characters.
In order theory, a field of mathematics, an incidence algebra is an associative algebra, defined for every locally finite partially ordered set
and commutative ring with unity.
Subalgebras called reduced incidence algebras give a natural construction of various types of generating functions used in combinatorics and number theory.
Luweibdeh or Lweibdeh may refer to:
Jabal al-Luweibdeh, a neighborhood in Amman, Jordan
Lweibdeh, a village in Syria
Lweibdeh Sharki, a village in Syria
Lweibdeh Shamaliyah, a village in Syria
The National Emergency Employment Defense Act, aka the NEED Act, was a monetary reform bill first sponsored by Congressman Dennis Kucinich in 2010 in the United States House of Representatives.
The Zoologische Staatssammlung München (The Bavarian State Collection of Zoology) awards the Ritter-von-Spix-Medal to distinguished donors and benefactors of outstanding zoological collections.
The German research institution has built up one of the largest natural history collections in the world with over 20 million zoological specimens.
The award is named after Johann Baptist von Spix, the institution's founder and first curator, and is granted sporadically since the 200th birthday of von Spix, 1981.
Road is a 2021 double-CD live album by the Fred Frith Trio, an experimental music and free improvising group featuring Fred Frith (guitar), Jason Hoopes (bass) and Jordan Glenn (drums).
It is their third album and their first live release.
The album was recorded in Charlottesville, Virginia and Germany in October 2019, and was released in October 2021 by Intakt Records in Switzerland.
Road also includes two guest musicians, Lotte Anker (saxophone) and Susana Santos Silva (trumpet), whom the Trio had invited to perform with them during their US East Coast and European tours in October 2019.
Anker and Santos Silva had previously performed with the Trio on several occasions: Anker in New York City and San Francisco, and Santos Silva in Brazil.
Rzeki Wielkie [ˈʐɛki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
A split-finger fastball or splitter is an off-speed pitch in baseball that initially looks like a fastball from the batters perspective, but then drops suddenly.
Derived from the forkball, it is aptly named because the pitcher puts the index and middle finger on different sides of the ball.
Timanoridas may refer to:
Timanoridas of Corinth, purchaser of Neaira
Timanoridas, an ancient Macedonian
The 1947 Women's Western Open was a golf competition held at Capital City Club in Atlanta, Georgia, the 18th edition of the event.
Louise Suggs won the championship in match play competition by defeating Dorothy Kirby in the final match, 4 and 2.
The Aava Gang was a Sri Lankan  motorcycle street gang, active in the Northern Province of the island.
The group is indicated to be around 60 members, between the ages of 18 and 25.
The leader of the group is nicknamed ‘Haava’ (‘rabbit’ in Sinhalese) is known under the name Aava.
This is due to the lack of pronunciation of 'H' sound in Dravidian language speech.
A total of 38 members, including the leader, have been informed to the parliament to have been arrested to date.
Since the end of the Civil War, there have been a large increase in drug trade, sexual and gang violence, and robberies in Jaffna.
The group emerged after the end of the war, under unknown origins.
The gang took credit for the attack on two police intelligence officers in Chunnakam and left leaflets under the names "Prabaaharan Padai", "Sangiliyan Padai" and "Ellalan Padai" demanding the police to leave the Northern Province  as revenge for the death of two Jaffna University students, who were killed in a police shooting on the night of 20 October 2016 in Kokkuvil and the police attempted to cover up as an accident.
The sword wielding gang has been suspected to have been engaged in other crimes including robbery and kidnapping.
UNP MP Rajitha Senaratne accused the Rajapaksas of being behind the Aava gang and accused them of creating the gang to create fear among civilians in the Northern Province.
However no evidence was provided and the Aava gang had been active for years as a gang of petty criminals and only gained national attention after its attack on police officers.
The group is also believed to have been influenced by South Indian films.
The Adayaalam Centre for Policy Research calls on government to put an end to the use of the Prevention of Terrorism Act to address gang violence in Jaffna and to release individuals held under the PTA for alleged involvement in the Aava gang.
Robert "Buck" Friedman (September 11, 1921 – December 9, 1989) was an American professional football tackle and orthopedic surgeon.
He played college football for the University of Washington from 1939 to 1942 and professional football for the Philadelphia Eagles in 1944 and 1945.
He attended pre-medical school while playing professional football.
After his playing career ended, he attended medical school and was an orthopedic surgeon in Allentown, Pennsylvania, and later in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
The 1945 Victorian state election was held on 10 November 1945.
The incumbent government at this election was led by Ian Macfarlan, and consisted of Liberal, Country Party and Independent members.
Although none of these were endorsed by parties, they maintained affiliations.
A Ministerial column, comprising members who explicitly supported the Macfarlan government, is included in the table below, with other party affiliations indicated in brackets.
George Wheeler Hinman (November 19, 1864 - March 31, 1927) was an American writer and newspaper publisher.
He also served as the president of Marietta College in Ohio from 1913 to 1918.
Haageocereus fascicularis commonly known as 'Quisco de la precordillera de Arica' is a species of cactus from the family Cactaceae, native to southern Peru and northern Chile.
Han Yunzhong (Chinese: 韓允中) (814–874), né Han Junxiong (韓君雄), was a general of the Chinese Tang dynasty who seized control of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) in a mutiny and subsequently ruled it as its military governor (Jiedushi) in de facto independence from the imperial government.
The Haryana Gramin Bank (HGB) is an Indian Regional Rural Bank (RRB) in Haryana established on 2 September 2013.
The bank was formed by the amalgamation of Haryana Gramin Bank and Gurgaon Gramin Bank.
The amalgamation was formalized via Gazette Notification No.
3536(E), dated 29.11.2013, issued by the Ministry of Finance, Government of India.
With its headquarters at Rohtak, it became the sole Regional Rural Bank (RRB) operating across the state of Haryana.
It currently has 690 branches in rural areas of Haryana.
It functions under Regional Rural Banks' Act 1976 and is sponsored by Punjab National Bank.
According to Notification No.
4833(E), the Sarva Haryana Gramin Bank has been renamed as Haryana Gramin Bank.
On the request of its sponsor Punjab National Bank (PNB).
Henry Corby Dillon (born August 8, 1981) is an American politician serving as a member of the West Virginia House of Delegates from the 29th district.
Elected on November 8 2022, he assumed office on December 1, 2022.
He previously ran for election in 2016 for the 19th district but did not advance to the general election.
The Indian Institute of Teacher Education (IITE) is a state university located at Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India.
It was established in 2010 by the Government of Gujarat and focuses on teacher education.
Iron Maiden are an English heavy metal band formed in Leyton, East London, in 1975 by bassist and primary songwriter Steve Harris.
Although fluid in the early years of the band, the line-up for most of the band's history has consisted of Harris, lead vocalist Bruce Dickinson, drummer Nicko McBrain, and guitarists Dave Murray, Adrian Smith and Janick Gers.
As pioneers of the new wave of British heavy metal movement, Iron Maiden released a series of UK and US Platinum and Gold albums, including 1980's debut album, 1981's Killers, and 1982's The Number of the Beast – its first album with Dickinson, who in 1981 replaced Paul Di'Anno as lead singer.
The addition of Dickinson was a turning point in their career, establishing them as one of heavy metal's most important bands.
The Number of the Beast is among the most popular heavy metal albums of all time, having sold almost 20 million copies worldwide.
After some turbulence in the 1990s, the return of lead vocalist Bruce Dickinson and guitarist Adrian Smith in 1999 saw the band undergo a resurgence in popularity, with a series of new albums and highly successful tours.
Their three most recent albums — The Final Frontier (2010), The Book of Souls (2015), and Senjutsu (2021) — have all reached number 1 in more than 25 countries.
Iron Maiden have sold over 130 million copies of their albums worldwide and have obtained over 600 certifications.
The band is considered to be one of the most influential and revered heavy metal bands of all time.
They have received multiple industry awards, including the Grammy and Brit Awards.
Iron Maiden were inducted into the 2026 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
The band have released 41 albums, including 17 studio albums, 13 live albums, four EPs and seven compilations.
They have also released 47 singles and 20 video albums, and two video games.
Iron Maiden's lyrics cover such topics as history, literature, war, mythology, dark fantasy, science fiction, society and religion.
As of October 2019, the band have played 2,500 live shows.
For over 40 years the band have featured their signature mascot, "Eddie", on the covers of almost all of their releases.
John Georgiades (born 3 January 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Subiaco in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and Footscray in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Georgiades made his debut for Subiaco in the 1986 WAFL season.
An "abundantly skilled half-forward", he had a breakout year in 1988, kicking 65 goals from 22 games.
He finished runner-up to Todd Breman in the Bernie Naylor Medal.
He capped off his season by kicking six goals in Subiaco's premiership victory over Claremont in the 1988 WAFL Grand Final, and was regarded as unlucky not to win the Simpson Medal as best on ground.
He also polled 25 votes in the Sandover Medal, only five behind the eventual winner Mark Watson.
Georgiades was drafted by Footscray at number 35 at the 1988 VFL Draft.
He is remembered for his debut in Round 1 of the 1989 season where he kicked 8 goals against Carlton.
Only three players have kicked more goals on debut in VFL/AFL history.
Georgiades played 15 games over three seasons at Footscray.
Georgiades's son, Mitch, made his AFL debut for Port Adelaide in round one of the 2020 AFL season.
Lodi Unified School District is a school district headquartered in Lodi, California.
It currently has roughly 28,396 students.
The district includes the following San Joaquin County communities: Lodi, Acampo, Lockeford, Terminous, Victor, and Woodbridge, as well as portions of northern Stockton, most of Morada, and a section of Dogtown.
Mohamed Lamine (Arabic: محمد لمين), born 4 December 1970, in Algiers, is an Algerian raï singer.
At the age of 10, he formed a group to recite religious chants in a mosque in the mountain village in Algeria where he spent his childhood.
In 1988, he began his musical career recording under the name Mohamed Amine, with the 7-track cassette album Hob El Aadra.
He then achieved popular success in Algeria in 1989 with the album and title track "Sidi Taleb".
It was the album Raï'n'B Fever, produced by Kore & Skalp and released in 2004, where he appeared on three tracks, that brought him recognition beyond the borders of Algeria and the Arab world.
These included the hits "Un Gaou à Oran" with the groups Magic System and 113, "Mon Bled" with rapper Rohff and Cheba Maria, and "Ntiya" as a duet with singer Kayliah.
Following this, Mohamed Lamine continued to collaborate on duets and other projects across a variety of genres, including the track "Loin du Rivage" on rapper Nessbeal's album La mélodie des briques in 2006.
That same year, he and singer Latifa Raâfat released the album Twahhachtek Bezzaf.
In 2007, Reda 6k invited Mohamed Lamine to sing with him on the track "Mamamiya," and then in 2009, Mohamed Lamine appeared on "African Tonik" alongside DJ Arafat, Mokobé, and Mory Kanté.
On 6 December 2020, Mohamed Lamine announced during an interview on the Algerian television channel Echorouk TV that he was retiring from performing and singing sentimental Raï music to dedicate himself fully to religious songs, following his pilgrimage to Mecca, "It's a personal matter.
I'm 50 years old, and I prefer to choose a different musical style, one that's somewhat rare in Algeria," Mohamed Lamine told his fans.
In electrochemistry, the Nernst equation is a  chemical thermodynamical relationship that permits the calculation of the reduction potential of a reaction (half-cell or full cell reaction) from the standard electrode potential, absolute temperature, the number of electrons involved in the redox reaction, and activities (often approximated by concentrations) of the chemical species undergoing reduction and oxidation respectively.
It was named after  Walther Nernst, a German physical chemist who formulated the equation.
Oconto County is a county  in the U.S.
state of Wisconsin.
As of the 2020 census, the population was 38,965.
Its county seat is Oconto.
The county was established in 1851.
Oconto County is part of the Green Bay metropolitan area and the Green Bay-Shawano combined statistical area.
SS Somersby was a British cargo steamship that was built in 1930, sailed in a number of convoys in the Second World War and was sunk by a U-boat in 1941.
Sporting District was a term used in the 19th and early 20th centuries to refer to red-light districts, particularly in the United States.
It may refer to:
Sporting District (Omaha, Nebraska)
San Antonio Sporting District, Texas
Storyville, New Orleans
Chestnut Valley, St.
Tenderloin, Manhattan
What a Man Wants (Korean: 바람 바람 바람; RR: Baram baram baram) is a 2018 South Korean romantic comedy film directed by Lee Byeong-heon.
It stars Lee Sung-min, Shin Ha-kyun, Song Ji-hyo and Lee El.
World of the S&M (Japanese: SとMの世界, Hepburn: S to M no Sekai), released in English as The World Exists for Me, is a 2001 Japanese manga series.
The series is written by Kunihiko Ikuhara with Seinosuke Ito (credited jointly as Be-Papas) and illustrated by Chiho Saito.
The series is Ikuhara and Saito's second collaboration following the anime and manga series Revolutionary Girl Utena.
1911 (MCMXI) was a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar, the 1911th year of the Common Era (CE) and Anno Domini (AD) designations, the 911th  year of the 2nd millennium, the 11th  year of the 20th century, and the  2nd   year of the 1910s decade.
As of the start of 1911, the Gregorian calendar was 13 days ahead of the Julian calendar, which remained in localized use until 1923.
On 7 October 2024, the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF) announced the removal of the Interim Regional Administration of Tigray (IRAT) President, Getachew Reda, and several other key officials from their positions in what was referred to as an internal coup within the regional leadership.
The Interim Regional Administration of Tigray (IRAT) office of the president released a statement announcing that the TPLF declared a public coup.
This political upheaval, led by veteran TPLF leader Debretsion Gebremichael, escalated tensions in the region, raising concerns over the stability of IRAT.
338 Squadron may refer to:
338th Fighter-Bomber Squadron, Greece
338th Combat Crew Training Squadron,  United States
338th Combat Training Squadron, United States
Bandiwan Mi Ya Sansari is a Marathi movie released on 30 December 1988.
The movie has been produced by Prakash Joshi and directed by Arun Karnataki.
Bay is a surname used in many countries around the world.
The name has many variations and meanings.
English, French, and Dutch: nickname for someone with chestnut or auburn hair, from Middle English, Old French bay, bai, Middle Dutch bay ‘reddish brown’ (Latin badius, used originally of horses).
English: from the Middle English personal name Baye, Old English Beaga (masculine) or Beage (feminine).
Scottish, Irish: from Old Gaelic O'Bae and with variations of McBay, MacBay and reduced form of McBeth.
German: from the Germanic personal name Baio.
Scandinavian: found in various regions of Scandinavian countries, coming from North Germanic influence.
Turkish: In historical accounts, many Turkish, other Turkic and Persian leaders are titled Bey, Beg, Bek, Bay, Baig or Beigh.
They are all the same word with the simple meaning of "lord".
Currently "Bay" is Turkish for Mr., gentleman or wealthy.
Before the adoption of the 1934 Surname Law in Turkey, which did not use Western-style surnames, instead the many in the Ottoman Empire carried titles such as Bay or Bey.
An unsubstantiated oral tradition among some families in Europe using Bay as their surname dictates that a family member was given or awarded this surname, then as a title, during one of the crusades, when he was given governorship of a territory in Asia Minor, possibly as part of a crusader state.
This title was then to have been brought back to Europe to be used as a surname after the Crusader states fell.
The name is also found in Denmark, Sweden and Norway, where it may be a short form of German Bayer, regional name for someone from Bavaria, or from baygh, originally a loan word from French denoting a type of fabric.
There are currently 50 people residing in Sweden with Bay as a surname, while 62 people are named Bayer.[1]
Big Sulphur Creek is a westward-flowing stream in northern Sonoma County, California, United States, which springs from The Geysers in the Mayacamas Mountains and runs 20 miles (32 km) to empty into the Russian River.
The common bluestripe snapper (Lutjanus kasmira), bluestripe snapper, bluebanded snapper,  bluestripe sea perch, fourline snapper, blue-line snapper or moonlighter, is a species of snapper belonging to the family Lutjanidae.
It is native to the Indian Ocean from the coast of Africa and the Red Sea to the central Pacific Ocean.
It is commercially important and sought as a game fish.
It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
Down Below may refer to:
Down Below (The Cruel Sea album), 1989, and its title track
Down Below (Tribulation album), 2018
Down Below, a 2004 album by Steve Zing
"Down Below", a song by Pantera from the 1985 album I Am the Night
"Down Below", a song by Pantera from the 1988 album Power Metal
"Down Below", a song about London's sewers, written by Sydney Carter
Drwęck [drvɛnt͡sk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Esau Walter Simpson (born 6 October 1990) is a Grenadian swimmer.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 100 metre freestyle, finishing in 43rd place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.
He also competed in the 100 m event at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.
Born in Brooklyn, he competed at the collegiate level for the NCAA Division II Nova Southeastern University Sharks.
The Fort Pitt was a 117-mile (188 km) daily passenger train operated by Amtrak between Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Altoona, Pennsylvania.
The Fort Pitt was a so-called Section 403(b) train, meaning that its operation was subsidized by the state of Pennsylvania.
The Fort Pitt operated in tandem with the Pennsylvanian, then a Pittsburgh—Philadelphia service.
The westbound Pennsylvanian, after arriving in Pittsburgh in the evening, would be turned around and east to Altoona.
The following morning, that trainset returned to Pittsburgh as a westbound Fort Pitt, then ran eastbound to Philadelphia (Pennsylvania) as a Pennsylvanian.
This allowed Amtrak and the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation (PennDOT) to operate two routes with the same two equipment sets.
A typical consist was three to four Amfleet coaches pulled by an EMD F40PH locomotive.
Amtrak added Pitcairn as a stop in mid-1981 to supplement the Pittsburgh—Greensburg Parkway Limited commuter train.
The Fort Pitt began operation April 26, 1981, and was withdrawn on January 30, 1983, when PennDOT declined to continue funding the train.
On average, the Fort Pitt carried 30 passengers daily, set against a subsidy of $547,453.
Gloria Feldt (born April 13, 1942) is an American author, speaker, commentator, and feminist activist who gained recognition as a social and political advocate of women's rights.
In 2013, she and Amy Litzenberger founded Take the Lead, a nonprofit initiative with a goal to propel women to leadership parity by 2025.
She is a former CEO and president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, directing the organization from 1996 to 2005.
Jean-François Niceron (5 July 1613 – 22 September 1646) was a French mathematician, Minim friar, and painter of anamorphic art, on which he wrote the ground-breaking book La Perspective Curieuse (Curious Perspectives).
John Ross Thomson (6 July 1906 – 1979) was a Scottish football player and manager.
The Kia K4 (Chinese: 起亚凯绅; pinyin: Qǐyà kǎi shēn) is a compact sedan produced by Dongfeng Yueda Kia from 2014 to 2020.
It was designed exclusively for the Chinese market, and was positioned between the Kia K3 and Kia K5.
The Kia K4 was previewed on the 2014 Beijing Auto Show by the Kia K4 Concept.
Sherrill (July 26, 1841 – April 8, 1919) was an American politician and state librarian from North Carolina.
He left college to serve in the Confederate States Army during the Civil War, achieving the rank of first sergeant.
He was wounded and captured at the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House and spent the rest of the war in Union prisons.
Sherrill served as a court clerk and judge of probate until being elected to the North Carolina House of Representatives.
He later served two terms in the North Carolina Senate.
From 1899 to 1917, he was the state librarian, improving the library's functions and lobbying for a larger space.
He and his wife had seven children, including Clarence O.
Sherrill and Mary Lura Sherrill.
NTV-5 was the first commercial television channel in Latvia and the first independent television channel, created two years after the Day of the Restoration of Latvian Independence.
The channel started broadcasting on 4 May 1992 on UHF channel 31 (31.
kanāls), but in August 1996, Andrejs Ēķis decided to merge NTV-5 and Picca TV, to create LNT.
Its general director was Marina Gulmane.
Norden  (German pronunciation: [ˈnɔʁdn̩] ; East Frisian Low Saxon: Nörden) is a town in the Aurich district of Lower Saxony, Germany.
It is situated near the North Sea shore, in East Frisia.
Samuel Hitt Elbert (April 3, 1833 – November 27, 1899) was an attorney in the Nebraska Territory before settling in the Colorado Territory.
He served as the second Secretary of the Territory of Colorado from 1862 to 1866 and he served as the sixth Governor of the Territory of Colorado from 1873 to 1874.
After Colorado statehood, he was a justice of the Colorado Supreme Court from 1876 to 1888 and was chief justice from 1879 to 1882.
He was married to Josephine Evans, the daughter of Territorial Governor John Evans.
She died of tuberculosis following the birth and death of her only child; the Evans Memorial Chapel was built by her father in her memory.
This Won't Hurt...
is the fifth studio album by punk rock band The Methadones.
It was released on July 10, 2007 by Red Scare Industries.
In 2022, the album was re-released with the bonus track "Take Me to Japan", including a vinyl pressing.
The 1956 Chester-le-Street by-election was a parliamentary by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Chester-le-Street on 27 September 1956.
The 1976 Pocono 500, the 6th running of the event, was held at the Pocono Raceway in Long Pond, Pennsylvania, on Sunday, June 27, 1976.
Branded as the 1976 Schaefer 500 for sponsorship reasons, it was won by Al Unser.
The race is notable as Janet Guthrie became the first woman to start a 500 mile Indy car race.
The 1979 Nations Cup, also known by its sponsored name Ambre Solaire Nations Cup, was a men's team tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.
It was the third edition of the World Team Cup and was part of the 1979 Grand Prix circuit.
It took place at the Rochusclub in Düsseldorf in Germany from 7 May through 14 May 1979.
Total prize money was $250,000 and in total 44,500 people attended the event.
Spain were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Australia defeated Italy in the final, which was delayed by one day due to rain, to win the title for the first time.
The draw consisted of eight teams divided over two round-robin groups.
The two best ranked teams from each group proceeded to the semifinals.
Each match consisted of two singles and a doubles.
The women's 3000 metres event at the 1983 Pan American Games was held in Caracas, Venezuela on 28 August.
Sir Basil Alexander Talbot McFarland, 2nd Baronet, CBE, ERD (18 February 1898 – 5 March 1986) was a Northern Irish soldier, businessman and Ulster Unionist Party politician.
The son of Sir John McFarland, 1st Baronet, he was a businessman, a Senator of Northern Ireland, Mayor of Derry (1939–1940 and 1945–1950), Lord Lieutenant of the County Borough of Londonderry (1939–1975) and an Ireland rugby union international (1920–1922).
He succeeded to his father's title in 1926.
Born in Derry, McFarland was educated at Bedford School and also in Brussels and Neuwied-on-Rhine, Germany.
The Career Counselor Badge is a military badge of the United States Army and Navy which was first established in the early 1970s.
The badge recognizes those enlisted personnel (warrant officers and commissioned officers are only permitted to wear the badge if they were awarded it during enlisted service) who have been selected as promotion and career advancement coordinators, and "retention NCOs" in the Army.
The Navy and Army are the only branches of service to bestow a Career Counselor Badge.
A cozy game (cosy game in Commonwealth English) is a video game which emphasizes non-violence and relaxation.
Initially derived from the life simulation genre, cozy games commonly include activities such as gathering and growing plants and nurturing other characters.
They often have open-ended goals that encourage self-expression.
While developers have suggested the style may have appeared in games as early as Little Computer People (1985) and The Sims (2000), it became a more common term following the release of Animal Crossing: New Horizons (2020), with dozens of games using it as part of their marketing.
The Developmentally Disabled Assistance and Bill of Rights Act is a US law providing federal funds to Councils on Developmental Disabilities, Protection and Advocacy Systems, as well as University Centers.
The law defined the relatively new term "developmental disability" to include specific conditions that originate prior to age 18, are expected to continue indefinitely, and that constitute a substantial handicap.
These conditions included intellectual disability, cerebral palsy, epilepsy, autism, and dyslexia.
Francesco Curatoli (born 22 January 1946) is an Italian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Gaetano Masucci (born 26 October 1984) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a winger.
The Hughes 393 (sometimes referred to as the HS-393) is a communications satellite bus introduced in 1985 by Hughes Space and Communications Company.
It was a spin-stabilized bus that had twice as much power as the HS-376 platform.
Kjerrheia is a neighbourhood in the city of Kristiansand in Agder county, Norway.
It is located in the borough of Vågsbygd and in the district of Vågsbygd.
The neighborhood is located west of Fiskåtangen, north of Augland, and east of Hasselbakken.
A list of films produced in France in 1979.
Louise Borgia (17 May 1500 – 1553) was a French noblewoman.
She was the daughter of Cesare Borgia, Duke of Valentinois, who died when she was almost seven years old.
She was also Dame de Châlus suo jure, a title she inherited from her mother Charlotte of Albret and Duchess of Valentinois, suo jure.
She was a member of the Third Order of Saint Dominic.
Ludwigsfelder FC is a German football club from Ludwigsfelde in Brandenburg.
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 400 metres W80 division of Masters athletics.
Incomplete information
better indoor records
Nam Kon (Korean: 남곤; Hanja: 南袞; 1471 – 10 March 1527) was a Korean politician, poet, Neo-Confucian scholar, thinker, writer and Prime Minister during the Joseon period.
His art names were Chijŏng (지정; 止亭), Chijoktang (지족당; 知足堂) and Chijok (지족; 知足), while his courtesy name was Sahwa (사화; 士華).
He was also a member of the Sarim faction.
Piotr Stanisław Szczepanik (14 February 1942 – 20 August 2020) was a popular Polish singer and actor.
Some of his better known songs are Żółte Kalendarze ("Yellow calendars"), Kochać ("To love"), Goniąc kormorany ("Chasing cormorants"), and Nigdy więcej ("Never again").
Szczepanik was born in Lublin.
From 1980 to 1989, he was involved with the Solidarity movement.
In 2008, he was awarded the Officer's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta.
Szczepanik died on 20 August 2020, after years of dealing with illness.
So Fresh: The Hits of Autumn 2002 is a compilation of songs that were popular in Australia in summer 2002.
The album was released on 25 March 2002.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 306 was adopted on December 21, 1971.
After considering the recommendation of the appointment of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, the Council recommended to the General Assembly that Kurt Waldheim be appointed for a five-year term.
The resolution was adopted unanimously at a private meeting.
The 22nd Michigan Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Alvorge is a civil parish of the municipality of Ansião, Portugal.
The population in 2011 was 1,227, in an area of 39.05 km².
As a religious parish, it belongs to the Diocese of Coimbra.
The name "Alvorge" is from the Arabic Al Burj, meaning "the tower", In the period of the Christian Reconquest, Alvorge was part of the border area of Ladeia, so that its tower was part of the border defenses protecting the city of Coimbra to its north.
The tower also had the purpose of protecting the spring of Alvorge, which provided a rich source of water in a region poor in springs.
Only some ruins remain of this tower.
One of the first references to Alvorge comes in 1141 (even before the independence of the Kingdom of Portugal) in a deed or charter by which D.
Afonso Henriques donated the church, tower and estate of Alvorge to the Monastery of Santa Cruz de Coimbra.
The grange of Alvorge together with Alcalamouque and Ateanha (now part of the parish of Alvorge) are mentioned as three granges of Santa Cruz in an inquiry carried out between 1220 and 1258.
In the urban center of Alvorge is the Chapel of Mercy.
This is a baroque building annexed to the old hospital of the village, in the facade of which one can see the royal coat of arms.
Inside is a gilt High Altar from the 18th century.
On the same street there are other historic  buildings including the porch house that was donated to the Holy House of Mercy.
The Church of Alvorge, from the late 17th century, is dedicated to Our Lady of Conception.
It has an altar carved with Solomonic columns and figures of angels, vine leaves and grape bunches.
Bernardo de Benedictis (died 1607) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Castellaneta (1585–1607).
Edward Lenox Dutton, 4th Baron Sherborne (23 April 1831 – 18 July 1919), was a British peer and diplomat.
Evans Chikwaikwai (born 14 August 1985 in Rusape's Vengere Township) is a Zimbabwean footballer who has played as a striker for Bidvest Wits in the South African Premier Soccer League.
Grevens og Friherrens Komedie (lit.
'The Comedy of the Count and the Baron') is a Danish play.
It was published anonymously in 1675, however, Mogens Skeel is considered its most likely author.
This play is a satire over the introduction of titles in Denmark.
The king, absolute ruler since 1665, had started appointing counts and barons, who outranked untitled nobles.
The nobility was outraged.
This satire is one reaction.
Idudju-iker (fl.
2050 BC) was an ancient Egyptian high official who lived in the 11th Dynasty.
His title foremost one of the chiefs of Lower Nubia demonstrates his important position in the administration of Lower Nubia.
Idudju-iker is only known from the fragments of a stela found reused in the Second Intermediate Period tomb of king Senebkay at Abydos.
On the stela, Idudju-iker bears the titles sole friend, count and hereditary prince (smr waty, haty-a, iry-pat) but is also called foremost one of the chiefs of Lower Nubia (HAt HqAw nw wAtwAt).
The first three titles place him high in the social hierarchy, while the latter title is so far unique.
He was evidently the highest official in charge of Lower Nubia.
The stela contains an autobiography of Idudju-iker that is heavily destroyed.
Lower Nubia and the land of the Medjay are mentioned and the text also refers to many rituals that Idudju-iker performed at Abydos.
On stylistic grounds, the stela can be dated under the 11th Dynasty king Intef II.
From several texts it is known that the king conquered Abydos, an event that had a high symbolic importance.
Although the texts on the stela are heavily destroyed, Josef Wegner concludes that Nubian soldiers perhaps under Idudju-iker were part of the military forces that seized the city.
Istanbul is a 1957 American CinemaScope film noir crime film directed by Joseph Pevney, and starring Errol Flynn and Cornell Borchers.
It is a remake of the film Singapore, with the location of the action moved to Turkey.
The plot involves an American pilot who becomes mixed up with various criminal activities in Istanbul.
James Russell Leech (November 19, 1888 – February 5, 1952) was a Republican member of the U.S.
House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
The name miniature altarpiece may refer to several different Gothic boxwood miniatures:
Miniature altarpiece (V&A 225-1866), c.1500-1520, held at the Victoria and Albert Museum, London
Miniature altarpiece (WB.232), 1511, held at the British Museum, London
Miniature altarpiece (OA 5612), c.1520-1530, held at Louvre, Paris
Miniature Altarpiece with the Crucifixion (MA 17.1690.453), early 16th-century, held at The Cloisters, New York
NGC 688 is a barred spiral galaxy with starburst activity located 190 million light-years away in the constellation Triangulum.
It was discovered by astronomer Heinrich d'Arrest on September 16, 1865 and is a member of the galaxy cluster Abell 262.
Philip Gatch (1751–1834) was an early American Methodist minister involved in the formation of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
He was born in Baltimore County, Maryland, on March 2, 1751, the son of a German father and a Burgundian mother.
Brought up in a strict Anglican home, Gatch was taught to read at an early age and in his early teenage years refused to attend church.
However, after the death of his sister and uncle, he fell into a depression in which he was "alarmed by dreams, by sickness, and by various other means, which were sent by God, in his mercy, for my good."  Upon attending a revival meeting held by a Methodist minister named Nathan Perigau in January 1772, Gatch grew increasingly attracted to the small group of local Methodists, despite his father's displeasure.
He was eventually converted under the preaching of Robert Strawbridge and began his own preaching career at the age of twenty-two in 1773.
Gatch played an important role in the transitional years of American Methodism as it broke away from its British connection during the late eighteenth century.
He attended the Annual Conference of 1777 when increased responsibility was given to American-born preachers over the Methodist work in the States, a significant transition away from British oversight.
Two years later he played a pivotal leadership role in the decision of the Methodists in the south to set up a presbytery of four ministers who would ordain one another so that they could then, in turn, ordain others to administer the sacraments.
During the Revolutionary War, Methodist ministers were subject to hostility, since their leaders were English.
Gatch escaped imprisonment, but "he was, perhaps, the subject of as much, or more, persecution for his Master's sake than any of his contemporaries."
During his years of ministry, Gatch travelled throughout New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Maryland before he stopped itinerating in 1778 due to poor health.
He married Elizabeth Smith in 1778, and settled down in Powhatan County, Virginia, and later moved to Ohio, where he was sold land near the town of Milford.
While in Ohio, Gatch helped to establish the Methodist Episcopal Church's presence there, but also became a surveyor, land agent, justice of the peace, associate judge in Clermont County, Ohio, and a member of the convention that drafted the Constitution of Ohio.
At the convention he was a strong advocate for the rights of Black people.
He voted to allow non-white men to vote, and to allow them to hold office and testify in court against a white man.
Thomas Scott, secretary of the convention, wrote in 1853 of Rev.
Gatch: "He was constantly treated with deference and respect, and regarded by the members and officers of the convention, and others, as an honest, pious, plain, sensible, useful member of the convention.
His general deportment was grave, yet courteous, affable, and friendly.
He occupied an elevated standing in my own estimation, and I take great pleasure in bearing this testimony of his intrinsic worth."
Motivated by his religious convictions, Gatch was an outspoken critic of slavery.
After marrying, he chose to manumit the slaves he had inherited by marriage.
His deed of emancipation read "Know all men by these presents, that I, Philip Gatch, of Powhatan County, Va., do believe that all men are by nature equally free; and from a clear conviction of the injustice of depriving my fellow-creatures of their natural rights, do hereby emancipate and set free all the following persons."  He also joined the Humane Society of Richmond for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.
His distaste for slavery likely explains his choice to move north in his latter years in life.
For he recorded that he was reluctant "to die [in Virginia] and leave my offspring in a land of Slavery," and so he moved from Virginia to Ohio with his extended family in 1798, happy to cross the Ohio River, "which separates between slavery and freedom."
Gatch died from influenza on December 28, 1834, in his home.
Pidh is a village  and union council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
It is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil.
The Porsche Formula E Team, formally the TAGHeuer Porsche Formula E Team, is a German racing team that competes in Formula E, which is organized by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA).
The team made its debut in the category at the 2019 Ad Diriyah ePrix, which started the 2019–20 season.
They had their first race win at the 2022 Mexico City ePrix.
Porsche's factory outfit took their first Formula E driver's championship at the 2024 London ePrix, with driver Pascal Wehrlein.
They won the Team's Championship and the Manufacturer's Championship in the 2025 season at the 2025 London ePrix.
Rivers East senatorial district is one of the three senatorial districts in Rivers State, Nigeria.
It is currently represented by Allwell Heacho Onyesoh  (from the People's Democratic Party).
Sloan Wilson (May 8, 1920 – May 25, 2003) was an American writer who published works such as The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit.
The Genius (Korean: 더 지니어스, a.k.a.
The Genius Game) is a South Korean reality game show.
The first season premiered on April 26, 2013 on tvN, with four seasons in total airing between 2013 and 2015.
The show pits thirteen contestants against each other as they compete in various challenges, known as matches, which test their strategic thinking and social skills.
Contestants are eliminated in head-to-head matches until only one remains and is awarded the title of "the Genius" and a cash prize.
Vilas Rupawate (born 16 March 1967) is an Indian politician from the state of Maharashtra.
In 2011, he joined the Indian National Congress.
He became the General Secretary of the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee in January 2013, Rupawate became President of Nirathar Nirashrit Vyakti Vikas Vibhag under the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee on 25 September 2011.
Rupawate is founder of "Vilasbhau Rupwate Pratishthaan", which works with "Maharashtra Niraadhar Mahila Sanghatana" and "Maharashtra Devdasi Mahila Sanghatana".
These organizations provide facilities for widows and devadasis.
The group had organized a raasta roko protest at Kasarwadi near Pimpri-Chinchwad in June 2009.
Yashiki (written: 屋敷 lit.
"residence" or 家鋪)
A prison in Japan to held kirishitan during the persecution of Catholics in 17th century Japan by the Tokugawa Shogunate.
Gota Yashiki (屋敷 豪太; born 1962), Japanese musician
Nobuyuki Yashiki (屋敷 伸之; born 1972), Japanese shogi player
Takaji Yashiki (家鋪 隆仁; 1949–2014), better known as Takajin, Japanese singer and television personality
ZGI may refer to:
The Zaki Gordon Institute, a school for independent film making in Sedona, Arizona
Zork: Grand Inquisitor, a graphical adventure game released in 1997 for the IBM compatible PC and Apple Macintosh
The Gods River Airport, (IATA: ZGI, ICAO: CZGI), located adjacent to Gods River, Manitoba, Canada
The 1952 Yugoslav First Basketball League season is the 8th season of the Yugoslav First Basketball League, the highest professional basketball league in SFR Yugoslavia.
The 2008 Syracuse Orange football team represented Syracuse University during the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The Orange were coached by Greg Robinson and played their home games at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York.
The men's K-1 1000 metres competition at the 2017 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Račice took place at the Sportcentrum Račice.
The 22nd Legislative Assembly of Ontario was in session from June 4, 1945, until April 27, 1948, just prior to the 1948 general election.
The majority party was the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party led by George Drew.
William James Stewart served as speaker for the assembly until March 21, 1947.
James de Congalton Hepburn succeeded Stewart as speaker.
Chinese Nü Yr is an extended play (EP) by producer Seamus Malliagh, known by his stage name Iglooghost, released on the Brainfeeder label on 30 October 2015.
Containing elements of footwork, bass, grime and 2-step garage, the EP's sound is represented by a worm who goes through several nonsensical lands.
To make Chinese Nü Yr, Malliagh first designed the cover art and then developed songs with structures and sound to fit the artwork.
Upon release, the EP garnered generally favorable reviews from critics, a common praise being its unique style.
Chiswick House is a Neo-Palladian style villa in the Chiswick district of London, England.
A "glorious" example of Neo-Palladian architecture in west London, the house was designed and built by Richard Boyle, 3rd Earl of Burlington (1694–1753), and completed in 1729.
The house and garden occupy 26.33 hectares (65.1 acres).
The garden was created mainly by the architect and landscape designer William Kent, and it is one of the earliest examples of the English landscape garden.
After the death of the 3rd Earl of Burlington in 1753, and the subsequent deaths of his last surviving daughter (Charlotte Boyle) in 1754 and his widow in 1758, the property was ceded to William Cavendish, 4th Duke of Devonshire, Charlotte's husband.
After William's death in 1764, the villa passed to his and Charlotte's orphaned young son, William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire.
His wife, Georgiana Spencer, a prominent and controversial figure in fashion and politics whom he married in 1774, used the house as a retreat and as a Whig stronghold for many years; it was where Charles James Fox died in 1806.
Prime Minister George Canning also died there in 1827, in a bedroom in the John White wing buildings.
During the 19th century, the house fell into decline and was rented out by the Cavendish family.
It was used as a mental hospital, the Chiswick Asylum, from 1892.
In 1929, the 9th Duke of Devonshire sold Chiswick House to Middlesex County Council, and it became a fire station.
The villa suffered damage during World War II, and in 1944, a V-2 rocket damaged one of the two wings, which were both demolished in 1956.
Today, the house is a Grade I listed building and is maintained by English Heritage.
Cooch Behar Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Cooch Behar, Bengal.
The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
The ground does not have any floodlights so the stadium cannot host day-night matches.
It was made considering all norms of BCCI so that Ranji Trophy matches can be played.
The stadium was established in 2008 when they hosted a match of Vijay Merchant Trophy between Gujarat Under-19s and Jharkhand Under-19s.
Deepak Verma PhD,  MBE (born 11 February 1969) is a British actor, writer and television/film producer of Indian Punjabi descent and Hindu heritage.
His role as market-stall trader Sanjay Kapoor in long-running BBC One soap opera EastEnders brought him to the attention of UK mainstream viewers.
Departure is the debut studio album by English singer and songwriter Taio Cruz.
It was released on 17 March 2008.
The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 17.
Joshua Schmidt is an American composer, lyricist, bookwriter and theatrical sound designer.
He is known for the musicals Adding Machine, A Minister's Wife, Midwestern Gothic, and musical film The End.
Julien Loisel (10 September 1890 – 31 May 1963) was a French racing cyclist.
He rode in the 1920 Tour de France.
Karim El-Khebir (alternatively spelled Karim El-Khebyr; born 4 May 1974 in Niger) is a Nigerien retired footballer who now works as head coach of NDC Angers first team in his home country.
Kfar Hasidim Bet (Hebrew: כְּפַר חֲסִידִים ב', lit.
Hasidim Village B) is a community settlement in northern Israel.
Located near Nesher, it falls under the jurisdiction of Zevulun Regional Council.
In 2024 it had a population of 195.
The village was founded in 1950 by residents of Kfar Hasidim, and was recognised by the state in 1959.
The following elections occurred in the year 1935.
Max Carl Gronenthal (born January 29, 1950) is an American rock singer, keyboardist, guitarist and songwriter.
He is the co-lead singer of the classic rock band Grand Funk Railroad.
In addition, he spent several years as the keyboardist and lead singer for the southern rock band 38 Special.
Carl is known for having co-written and sung lead vocals on 38 Special's hit song, "Second Chance" (1989).
One Barrow Plantation is a 1.8 hectares (4.4 acres) geological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) south-west of Shepshed in Leicestershire.
It is a Geological Conservation Review site.
Part of the site is in the Blackbrook Reservoir biological SSSI.
This site exposes rocks dating to the late Precambrian, around 600 million years ago.
The deposits are mainly volcanic ash, thought to have been deposited in the sea from volcanoes on neighbouring islands similar to those now found on the western edge of the Pacific Ocean.
The site is private land with no public access.
No geology is visible.
"Redux" is the two-part fifth season premiere of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
"Redux" first aired on November 2, 1997, on Fox in the United States, with "Redux II" airing on November 9.
Both episodes subsequently aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Both episodes were written by series creator Chris Carter, with "Redux" directed by R.
Goodwin and "Redux II" helmed by Kim Manners.
"Redux" became the second-most-watched episode ever broadcast, earning more than 27 million viewers in the United States alone.
The first part of the episode received mixed to negative reviews, whereas the second part received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-files.
The episodes' story continues on from the fourth season finale "Gethsemane".
"Redux" follows Scully, who helps Mulder to fake his own death in an effort to discover which members of the FBI they can trust before the agents individually search for an answer to Scully's cancer.
"Redux II" continues immediately afterwards with Scully hospitalized, and Mulder is offered a deal to ally with the Cigarette Smoking Man (William B.
"Redux", being a part of a three-part episode arc, became a storyline milestone for the series.
It marked the first episode in which Fox Mulder loses his belief in extraterrestrial life and the revelation that someone inside the FBI has tried to discredit Mulder and Scully's work on the X-files.
"Redux" and "Redux II" continued the series' black oil mythology, following the earlier episodes "Piper Maru", "Apocrypha", "Tunguska", "Terma", "Zero Sum", and "Gethsemane".
When writing the episode, Carter wanted to tie up loose ends from the previous seasons.
Despite being the first two episodes of the season that aired, they were the second and third episodes produced, the first being "Unusual Suspects", which explained the origins of The Lone Gunmen.
Sultan: A Memoir is an autobiographical book by Wasim Akram, contributed by Gideon Haigh and published by HarperCollins in 2022.
Akram writes about his struggles with cocaine addiction and mentions Imran Khan.
Women's Professional Soccer (WPS) was an American professional women's soccer league that operated as the top division of women's soccer in the United States.
The league was formed in 2008 and dissolved in 2012.
Below are notable records and statistics for WPS teams, players, and seasons, all as of the end of the league's final season in 2011.
William Holding Echols (March 11, 1834–November 13, 1909) was an American soldier who fought for the Confederacy as a Major in the American Civil War.
He was known for his involvement with the United States Camel Corps.
The 1982 Aloha Bowl was an American college football bowl game played on December 25, 1982 at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii.
The inaugural Aloha Bowl game pitted the Washington Huskies and the Maryland Terrapins.
This was the first bowl game played in Hawaii since the Pineapple Bowl in 1952, making this the first-ever bowl game in the State of Hawaii.
The 2011–12 Cupa României was the seventy-fourth season of the annual Romanian football knockout tournament.
The winner of the competition qualified for the play-off round of the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League.
The 2017–18 Ekstraklasa (also known as Lotto Ekstraklasa due to its sponsorship by Totalizator Sportowy, Polish lottery) was the 92nd season of the Polish Football Championship, the 84th season of the highest tier domestic division in the Polish football league system since its establishment in 1927 and the 10th season of the Ekstraklasa under its current title.
The league was operated by the Ekstraklasa SA.
The season started on 14 July 2017 and concluded on 20 May 2018.
It is the first Ekstraklasa season to use VAR.
After the 21st matchday the league went on a winter break between 18 December 2017 and 9 February 2018.
The regular season was played as a round-robin tournament.
A total of 16 teams participated, 14 of which competed in the league during the 2016–17 season, while the remaining two were promoted from the I liga after the 2016–17 season.
The fixtures were announced on 8 June 2017.
Each team played a total of 30 matches, half at home and half away.
After the 30th round (in the beginning of April 2018), the league split into two groups: championship round (top eight teams) and relegation round (bottom eight teams).
Each team played 7 more games (teams ranked 1-4 and 9-12 played four times at home).
So, finally each team played a total of 37 matches.
The team at the top of the Championship round wins the league title.
The two teams at the bottom of the Relegation round are demoted to I liga for the 2018–19 season.
This was the fifth season to take place since the new playoff structure has been introduced.
The defending champions were Legia Warsaw, who won their 12th Polish title the previous season.
Legia successfully defended their title, sealing the league trophy for a 13th time in dramatic circumstances as their deciding game against Lech Poznan was abandoned due to flares and pitch invasions by Lech fans (after Legia went 2-0 ahead).
Legia were awarded the tie 3-0 and three points secured 1st place.
The Baarnse Bos is a park/forest in the southern part of the municipality of Baarn, the province of Utrecht (province), the Netherlands.
The area of the forest if approximately 80 hectares (200 acres) and is adjacent to the Soestdijk Palace.
The forest is limited by Amsterdamse Straatweg (N221) in the west, Lt.
Generaal van Heutszlaan in the north, the railway connecting Amsterdam and Amersfoot, as well as Torenlaan in the east, and Praamgracht in the south.
The Soestdijk Palace is across Amsterdamse Straatweg, and the Baarnse Bos continues across this road as a large forest reaching Hilversum in the west.
The Baarnse Bos was designed as a French landscape garden between 1733 and 1758.
At the time, it was built around the land estate De Eult.
In 1758, the estate, together with the forest, was transferred to the Dutch royal family.
Since the end of the 19th century, it has been accessible for general public.
Balkaya is a village in the Sungurlu District of Çorum Province in Turkey.
Its population is 193 (2022).
Bury South is a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom since 2019 by Christian Wakeford.
Wakeford was elected as a Conservative but defected to the Labour Party in January 2022.
He was re-elected at the 2024 general election.
Camellia granthamiana (Chinese: 葛量洪茶; Jyutping: got3 loeng4 hung4 caa4; lit.
'Grantham tea'), or Grantham's camellia, is a rare, endangered species of Camellia, which was first discovered in Hong Kong in 1955.
The distribution of the species is limited in both Hong Kong and Mainland China.
Only one individual of the species was found at that time when it was discovered.
A few more wild populations were found in Ma On Shan and also in Guangdong(including Shenzhen).
It was first discovered in the ravine of Tai Mo Shan in 1955 by AFCD.
It was named in honour of the then Governor of Hong Kong, Sir Alexander Grantham.
Tai Mo Shan Montane Scrub Forest in the upper Shing Mun Valley was assigned as a Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in 1975 as the forest supports this rare species and other species, Camellia waldenae, Amentotaxus argotaenia and many species of orchids.
In Hong Kong, it is a protected species under Forestry Regulations Cap.
96A, and has been actively propagated and reintroduced to the wild by the Hong Kong Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department.
In view of the high conservation value of the species, the Hong Kong Biodiversity Genomics Consortium has sequenced the 2.4 Gb reference genome of the species.
Chemmalamattam(otherwise known as Chemmalamattom) is a village in the Thidanadu Panchayat, in the Kottayam district of Kerala, India.
It is located about 40 km east of Kottayam and 19 km west of Mundakkayam and is 9.5 km north of Kanjirappally towards Erattupetta.
Phasmoconus is a subgenus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the genus Conus, family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
In the latest classification of the family Conidae by Puillandre N., Duda T.F., Meyer C., Olivera B.M.
& Bouchet P.
(2015), Phasmoconus has become a subgenus of Conus as Conus (Phasmoconus) Mörch, 1852 (type species: Conus radiatus Gmelin, 1791 ) represented as Conus Linnaeus, 1758
Corn on the Cop is a 1965 Warner Bros.
Merrie Melodies animated short directed by Irv Spector, in his only directorial work on a theatrical cartoon.
The short was released on July 24, 1965, and stars Daffy Duck, Porky Pig and Granny.
The Dream class is a class of cruise ships, operated by Carnival Cruise Lines and Costa Cruises.
The lead vessel of the class, Carnival Dream, entered service in September 2009.
Carnival Dream and her sisters, Carnival Magic, Carnival Breeze and Costa Diadema, measure about 130,000 gross tonnage (GT) and the first three were the largest ships ever built for Carnival Cruise Line until Carnival Vista launched in 2015.
The vessels design is an evolution from the Conquest-class cruise ships.
Notable additions in the designs are a half-mile exterior promenade on deck 5, with outside cafes, Jacuzzis situated along the edge of the promenade (on the Carnival trio), and an Aqua Park.
Flappach (in its lower course: Stadtbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
It flows into the Schussen in Ravensburg.
German submarine U-308 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.
The U-boat was laid down on 5 November 1941 at the Flender Werke in Lübeck as yard number 308, launched on 31 October 1942 and commissioned on 23 December 1942 under the command of Leutnant zur See Karl Mühlenpfordt.
The second season of Ikki Tousen, titled Ikki Tousen: Dragon Destiny, is an anime television series based on the manga by Yuji Shiozaki, published by Wani Books and serialized in the seinen manga magazine Comic GUM.
A second season, titled Ikki Tousen: Dragon Destiny (一騎当千 Dragon Destiny, Ikkitōsen Doragon Desutinī), aired 12 episodes on AT-X between February 26, 2007 and May 14, 2007, with subsequent broadcasts on Chiba TV, KBS Kyoto, TV Kanagawa, Tokyo MX, Sun Television, TV Aichi, and TV Saitama.
Produced by ARMS, the series is directed by Koichi Ohata, series composition by Takao Yoshioka, music by Yasuharu Takanashi, characters by Rin-Sin, and produced by Osamu Koshinaka, Shinsaku Tanaka, Takuro Hatakeyama, and Yoshikazu Beniya.
The opening theme is "HEART&SOUL" by Mai Kariyuki while the ending theme is Garasu no Hana (硝子の花, "Glass Flower") by IORI.
The anime is licensed in North America by Media Blasters.
The anime is also licensed in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment, as with the first season.
John Alfred Cooke (1878 – 10 August 1909) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Derby County as an outside left.
Cooke made 11 appearances in the Football League First Division for Derby County, scoring twice.
His debut was on 20 April 1899, at home to Nottingham Forest, and the remaining 10 matches came in the first half of the 1899–1900 season.
Cooke drowned on 10 August 1909 while swimming in a deep mill dam at Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire.
KC2XAK was the world's first UHF television station, which went on the air on December 29, 1949.
It was a broadcast translator of New York City's WNBT (today's WNBC), and broadcast on 529–535 MHz in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
The station's launch was code-named "Operation Bridgeport", as a test by RCA and NBC, to determine if the UHF spectrum was feasible to use for communications and broadcasting as part of a nationwide television station plan.
It was operational during a several-year freeze on new television stations by the FCC which lasted from October 1948 to April 1952.
The station used a 1 kW transmitter with a 20-dB gain antenna on a 210-foot (64 m) tower elevated 450 feet (140 m) above average terrain at the top of Success Hill.
This resulted in an effective radiated power of 10 kW.
Operation Bridgeport was a success in the sense that it demonstrated the viability of UHF broadcasting, and UHF became a major part of the FCC's plan for new television licensing in the early 1950s.
KC2XAK was shut down by RCA and NBC on August 23, 1952, a few months after the 1948 freeze on new television licenses was lifted.
KC2XAK thus was not only the first UHF television station operational in the United States, but the only one for several years.
Once KC2XAK's transmitter was shut down, Empire Coil purchased it, and the transmitter and support equipment were dismantled in Bridgeport under supervision of RCA.
Dismantling began on August 25 and was shipped via truck and fast freight train to Portland, Oregon.
The transmitter was re-assembled as a 250-foot (76 m) tower on Council Crest, more than 1,000 feet (300 m) above Portland on September 9, 1952.
Thus, KC2XAK's transmitter was re-used for Portland's KPTV, which became the first commercial full-power UHF television station in the country.
KPTV would utilize the transmitter for five years on channel 27, before merging with another broadcaster on VHF channel 12 in 1957, where it has broadcast since (though the station is scheduled to return its physical transmission to UHF some time in 2022).
Bridgeport is now covered over-the-air by WNBC and the other New York City broadcast stations.
Keith Patrick Tomlins (born 23 October 1957 in Kingston-upon-Thames, Surrey) is an English former cricketer.
Educated at St Benedict's School and Durham University, Tomlins made his debut for Middlesex as a right-handed middle order batsman in 1977 and earned his highest score of 146 against Oxford University in 1982.
He moved to Gloucestershire in 1986, and retired the following year having scored nearly 4,000 runs, including five hundreds.
After retraining as a landscape architect he played two seasons of minor county cricket for Wiltshire.
Tomlins was appointed to a coaching role with the ECB in 1998.
MedAccred is an accreditation program for critical process manufacturing operations in the production of medical devices MedAccred is an industry managed program with the medical device industry having responsibility for all decisions regarding program operations, development, and the decision to award accreditations.
The MedAccred program is administered on behalf of the medical device industry by the Performance Review Institute (PRI), a not-for-profit affiliate of SAE International.
Participants in the MedAccred program consist of medical device OEMs, contract manufacturers and suppliers who work together to develop industry-wide audit criteria and provide accreditation of critical manufacturing process suppliers to improve product quality.
Site-specific art refers to artworks created for a particular location and designed to have meaning through their relationship to that site.
Typically, the artist takes the location into account while planning and creating the artwork.
Site-specific art is produced both by commercial artists and independently, and can include some instances of work such as sculpture, stencil graffiti, rock balancing, and other art forms.
Installations can be in urban areas, remote natural settings, or underwater.
Norman Stanley Gunter (born May 25, 1959) is an American politician currently serving as a member of the Georgia House of Representatives.
He represents District 8, which includes Union, Towns, and parts of  White county in northeastern Georgia.
Gunter is a member of the Republican Party and currently serves as chairman of the House Judiciary Committee.
Abdallah Saleh Possi (born 25 August 1979) is a Tanzanian diplomat who serves as Tanzania's Permanent Representative to The United Nations Office and other International Organisations in Geneva.
Before, he served as Tansania's Ambassador to Germany, and was also accredited to Austria (until May 2022), Bulgaria, Czech Republic, the Holy See, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Switzerland.
Before assuming his first Diplomatic obligations, Possi had served as a Member of Parliament and the Deputy Minister of State in the Prime Minister's Office responsible for Persons with Disability.
Previously, he worked as a lecturer at the University of Dodoma in Tanzania; and practiced as an Advocate of the High Court of Tanzania.
He had also worked as a tutor at the Institute of Judicial Administration in Lushoto, Tanga, Tanzania.
He holds LL.B.
from the University of Dar es Salaam (Tanzania), and a Dr.
from the University of Erlangen–Nuremberg in Germany.
Possi is married and has three children.
Achille Allier (1807 in Montluçon, Allier – 3 April 1836 in Bourbon-l'Archambault, Allier was a French writer, art critic and archaeologist.
PHINMA - Araullo University (Filipino: Pamantasang Araullo), also referred to by its acronym "AU " or simply "Araullo", is a private, non-sectarian secondary and higher education institution in Cabanatuan, Nueva Ecija, Philippines.
It was established in 1950.
The university offers a wide range of secondary, undergraduate and graduate programs in its three campuses.
With its acquisition of the University in 2004, Philippine conglomerate PHINMA established the PHINMA Education Network.
Together with Cagayan de Oro College (Cagayan de Oro), University of Iloilo (Iloilo City), the University of Pangasinan (Dagupan), Southwestern University (Cebu City), Saint Jude College (Manila) and Republican College (Quezon City), Araullo University forms part of a more than 74,000-strong student community.
Due to its reputation as a leading higher educational institution in the local community, PHINMA AU has been named as "The Largest Private University in Nueva Ecija" as of 2025 and dubbed as one of the four 'Knowledge Eagle Universities of Nueva Ecija'.
PHINMA Education is Southeast Asia's largest private education network, focused on making quality education accessible to underserved communities in the Philippines and Indonesia.
Through a network of 10 educational institutions across 15 campuses, the organization aims to provide pathways out of poverty for low-income families.
Beyond the Robot: The Life and Work of Colin Wilson is a 2016 book by the American writer Gary Lachman.
It is a biography about the English writer and philosopher Colin Wilson.
Lachman first discovered Wilson when he was a musician in New York City in the 1970s and read Wilson's book The Occult: A History, which became the beginning of his own interest in occult, philosophical and mystical subjects.
Relocated to England, Lachman made a career out of writing about such subjects, producing books about people such as Emanuel Swedenborg, Helena Blavatsky, Aleister Crowley, Rudolf Steiner, P.
Ouspensky and Carl Jung.
He remained an admirer of Wilson.
Michael Dirda of The Washington Post described Beyond the Robot as "an enthralling account" of Wilson's life and work, and a good introduction to Lachman's ability to write about his subjects with "exceptional grace, forcefulness and clarity".
Circassians is a broad ethnonym of the Turkic origin, which in Russia, Turkey and Persia used to be, and in the case of Turkey is now, applied to peoples of different ethnicities living on the North Eastern and Eastern shores of the Black Sea, and in the Northern Caucasus.
Colin Campbell McDonald  (17 November 1928 – 8 January 2021) was an Australian cricketer.
He played in 47 Test matches from 1952 to 1961, and 192 first-class matches between 1947 and 1963.
He was born in Glen Iris, Victoria.
Daniel Philimon (born 25 May 1995) is a Vanuatuan sprinter.
He competed in the 100 metres event at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics.
George Herbert Harries (September 19, 1860 – September 29, 1934) was an American businessman and newspaper editor.
After leaving journalism for a business career, he served as president of the Metropolitan Railroad Corporation, Washington and a vice president of the Washington Railway and Electric Company.
A longtime vice president of the H.
Byllesby and Company engineering and management consulting firm, he served as president of several Byllesby affiliates while restoring them to profitability, including the Louisville Gas and Electric Company and the Fargo and Moorhead Street Railroad Company.
Harries was also a longtime member of the National Guard.
A veteran of the American Indian Wars, Spanish–American War, and World War I, he attained the rank of major general.
He was a recipient of the Army Distinguished Service Medal and Navy Distinguished Service Medal.
Hibbertia circularis is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to the northern part of the Northern Territory.
It is a perennial herb with prostrate, trailing branches, elliptic to more or less round leaves, and yellow flowers arranged in leaf axils, with thirty stamens arranged in groups around the two carpels.
Konkola Copper Mines (abbreviated to KCM) is a copper mining and smelting company in Zambia.
It is 80% owned by Vedanta Resources, a mining conglomerate based in Mumbai and London.
The diplomatic post of United States Ambassador to Slovenia was created after the disbanding of Yugoslavia and the United States recognizing the new nation of Slovenia on April 7, 1992.
In August of that year, the American Embassy in Ljubljana opened with E.
Allan Wendt as chargé d'affaires ad interim.
He officially took over as ambassador in 1993.
Macromia flavocolorata is a species of dragonfly in the family Macromiidae.
This species is widely distributed in India, Nepal, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam and China.
The NBA 3X is an exhibition tournament organized by BBVA in Spain that offers the youngest basketball players the opportunity to directly experience the NBA in a family environment and challenge themselves together with their friends in a competition to become champions of the tournament.
It is open to all boys and girls in teams of three or four players within the following age groups: U-12, U-14, U-16, U-18 and 18+.
Since the first edition of NBA 3X presented by BBVA in 2012, more than 3,000 teams and 11,000 players from all over Spain have participated in this event.
It can be related as a sequel to NBA 5 United, also inviting NBA players and local streetball athletes, including NBA legends Bruce Bowen, Ron Harper and Robert Horry, who together have 15 NBA rings, rising star of the Philadelphia 76ers and 2013 All Star Jrue Holiday and 2012 All Rookie First Team member Kenneth Faried of the Denver Nuggets.
Neuropeptide Y (NPY) is a 36-amino acid neuropeptide that is involved in various physiological and homeostatic processes in both the central and peripheral nervous systems.
It is secreted alongside other neurotransmitters such as GABA and glutamate.
In the autonomic system it is produced mainly by neurons of the sympathetic nervous system and serves as a strong vasoconstrictor and also causes growth of fat tissue.
In the brain, it is produced in various locations including the hypothalamus, and is thought to have several functions, including: increasing food intake and storage of energy as fat, reducing anxiety and stress, reducing pain perception, affecting the circadian rhythm, reducing voluntary alcohol intake, lowering blood pressure, and controlling epileptic seizures.
Portfolio Entertainment, Inc.
is a Canadian animation studio and production company owned by 9 Story Media Group.
It was founded in 1991 by Lisa Olfman and Joy Rosen with a focus on children's programming, later expanding into primetime and movie production.
The company distributes television programming internationally to more than 90 countries, with about four-fifths of its catalogue being in-house productions.
Since February 5, 2024, 9 Story has owned Portfolio Entertainment.
Portfolio CEO Lisa Olfman became an executive producer at 9 Story, where she will report to Vince Commisso (CEO and president of 9 Story).
The Prototyp – Personen.Kraft.Wagen (persons.power.cars) museum in Hamburg opened in 2008 (2008) in Hamburg's Speicherstadt district.
The permanent exhibition of the museum specializes in German sports and racing cars developed after WW II.
The PROTOTYP museum is privately funded and wants to convey excitement about cars by focussing the designers and race drivers like Otto Mathé and Petermax Müller who re-established racing after 1945.
In many cases early race and sports cars in Germany were technically based on pre-war constructions like the Volkswagen.
For that reason the PROTOTYP museum shows a special interest in this vehicle.
In post-war racing unique self-built cars – prototypes – were designed and raced.
These cars are here on display, together with other race and record cars, sports and even modern formula cars.
Display cabinets next to the cars show historic exhibitis and offer informative stories.
A digital library allows to leaf through the photo albums of race drivers and engineers.
In a walk-in “Audiobox” several engine sounds can be started.
A driving simulator is integrated in a real Porsche 356.
Sarandib Planitia is a region of relatively un-cratered terrain on Saturn's moon Enceladus.
It is located at 4.4° North Latitude, 298.0° West Longitude and is approximately 200 km across.
From Voyager images, Sarandib Planitia is considered part of either the ridged plains unit (Kargel and Pozio 1996) or smooth plains unit (Rothery 1999) of Enceladus, thought to be the youngest terrain on Enceladus.
In more recent (and higher resolution) Cassini images, Sarandib is resolved into a region of relatively low ridges, with a band of rifted terrain cutting through the middle from northwest to southeast.
In addition, a series of long-wavelength compression ridges are seen in the western portion of Sarandib Planitia, reminiscent of banded terrain on Europa, like Astypalaea Linea.
Only approximately 20 craters larger than 1 kilometer across (the largest only 4.5 kilometers across) have been found in Sarandib, demonstrating the youthful age of the region.
Sarandib Planitia is bounded on the north and west by a band of grooved terrain named Samarkand Sulci.
Given the similarity in the spatial relationship between the Diyar Planitia and Harran Sulci, it is likely that the formation of Sarandib Planitia and Samarkand Sulci are related.
Sarandib Planitia is named from the old Arabic/Persian/Urdu name for Sri Lanka, an island visited by Sindbad on his 6th voyage in Arabian Nights.
St Paul's is a former camogie club based in Kilkenny city, Ireland, one of the most successful in the history of the game.
It won the All Ireland club championship in 1968, 1969, 1970, 1974, 1976, 1987, 1988, and 1989.
Stranger Than Truth is a 1946 mystery novel by the American writer Vera Caspary.
The character of publisher Noble Barnes was inspired by that of Bernarr Macfadden and his Macfadden Publications.
Caspary had briefly worked on one of Macfadden's magazines in the 1920s, and had encountered Macfadden's daughter Eleanor who she used as the basis of a character of the same name in her novel.
It uses multiple points of view as several different characters narrate the story in the first person.
Unlike her previous two works, Laura and Bedelia, it was not adapted into a film.
"You Got Spirit, Kid" is a song by American progressive rock band Coheed and Cambria, released from their eighth studio album The Color Before the Sun on July 10, 2015.
Alexandre Hardy (c.
1570/1572 – 1632) was a French dramatist, one of the most prolific of all time.
He claimed to have written some six hundred plays, but only thirty-four are extant.
He was born in Paris, and seems to have been connected most his life with a troupe of actors (the "Comédiens du Roi") headed by the actor named Valleran Lecomte, whom he provided with plays; Hardy may have toured the provinces and even acted with this company (his participation with this troupe is attested from 1611, but may have begun far earlier).
Valleran Lecomte's troupe gave performances in Paris from 1598 to 1600 at the Hôtel de Bourgogne, and again from 1606 to 1612.
At the death of Valleran, the troupe was headed by the actor Bellerose (Pierre Le Messier), and the troupe would gain exclusive rights to the Hôtel de Bourgogne in 1629.
Because of his difficult relations with Bellerose, in 1627 Hardy started writing for a rival troupe of actors (the "Vieux Comédiens du Roi") around Claude Deschamps which performed at the Théâtre du Marais.
Hardy's numerous dedications never seem to have brought him riches or even patrons.
His most powerful friend was Isaac de Laffemas (d.
1657), one of Cardinal Richelieu's most unscrupulous agents, and he was on friendly terms with the poet Théophile de Viau, who addressed him in some verses placed at the head of his Théâtre (1632), and Tristan l'Hermite had a similar admiration for him.
Hardy's plays were written for the stage, not to be read; and it was in the interest of the company that they should not be printed and thus fall into the common stock.
Hardy wrote quickly, often adapting plays from French, foreign and classical sources (Ovid, Lucian, Plutarch, Xenophon, Quintus Curtius Rufus, Josephus, Miguel de Cervantes, Jorge de Montemayor, Boccaccio, François de Rosset).
In 1623 Hardy published les Chastes et Loyales Amours de Théagène et Chariclée, a tragicomedy in eight "days" or "dramatic poems", and in 1624 he began a collected edition of his works, Le Théâtre d'Alexandre Hardy, parisien, of which five volumes (1624–1628) were published, one at Rouen and the rest in Paris.
Hardy's extant plays are as follows:
Twelve tragedies:
Didon se sacrifiant - the suicide of Dido
Scédase ou l'Hospitalité violée - drawn from Plutarch: two young nobles of Sparta rape and kill two girls of the country while the girls' father is away; their father is unable to obtain justice and commits suicide.
Méléagre
La Mort d'Achille - the death of Achilles
Coriolan - the story of Coriolanus
La Mort de Daire - the death of Darius
La Mort d'Alexandre - the death of Alexander the Great
Timoclée ou la Juste Vengeance
Lucrèce - drawn from Lope de Vega: a married man learns that his wife is committing adultery from the courtesan of her lover, and he kills his wife and rival, but is himself killed.
Alcméon ou la Vengeance féminine - an adultery leads to murder.
Four plays variously listed as tragedies or tragicomedies:
Procris ou la Jalousie infortunée - the story of Procris
Alceste ou la Fidélité
Ariadne ravie - the story of Ariadne's kidnapping by Theseus.
Aristoclée
Ten tragicomedies:
Elmire ou l'Heureuse Bigamie
Gésippe - drawn from Boccaccio: a young man has his friend replace him in the marriage bed.
Phraarte - drawn from the translation of Giovanni Battista Giraldi's Cent excellentes nouvelles (Paris, 1583)
La Force du sang - drawn from Miguel de Cervantes: a girl is raped anonymously by a young noble in Toledo and she gives birth to a son; seven years later this son is recognized by the young noble's family and the couple is married.
Félismène - drawn from a Spanish source
La Belle Egyptienne - drawn from a Spanish source
Three "dramatic poems":
Les Chastes et Loyales Amours de Théagène et Chariclée - based on the ancient Greek novel by Heliodorus of Emesa.
Le Ravissement de Proserpine par Pluton - the story of Prosperpina kidnapped by Pluto.
La Gigantomachie
Five pastorals:
Alphée, ou la justice d'amour (considered the best of his pastorals)
Le Triomphe d'Amour
L'Amour victorieux ou vengé
The titles of twelve more of Hardy's plays are also known.
According to the Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition (paraphrasing), Hardy's importance in the history of the French theatre has been frequently overlooked.
Up to the end of the sixteenth century medieval farce and spectacle dominated the popular stage in Paris.
The French Renaissance tragedy of Étienne Jodelle and his followers had been written for the learned, and in 1628 when Hardy's work was nearly over and Jean Rotrou and Jean Mairet were on the threshold of their careers, very few literary dramas by any other author other than Robert Garnier and Antoine de Montchrestien are known to have been produced.
Hardy educated the popular taste, and made possible the dramatic activity of the seventeenth century.
He had abundant practical experience of the stage, and modified tragedy accordingly, maintaining five acts in verse, but suppressing the chorus (except in his earliest plays), limiting monologues (although monologues reappear in his later plays), and providing the action and variety which was denied to the lyrical drama of the Renaissance.
He was a popularizer of the tragicomedy.
His tragedies are close to the Senecan model (although at times they echo medieval morality plays), but Hardy was unconcerned with Renaissance or classical dramatic theory (Aristotle, Horace), the three unities (Hardy's plays feature many locations and extend past 24 hours) or the rules of "bienséance" (his plays openly portray rape and murder and often feature non-noble characters).
Hardy's verse style is sometimes convoluted and awkward and he shows a certain love of rare or erudite words (both of these stylistic habits would be condemned by François de Malherbe in the same period); for these reasons later critics have called Hardy unreadable.
It is impossible to know how much the dramatists of the seventeenth century were indebted to him in detail, since only a fraction of his work is preserved, but generally Hardy may be credited with developing a French theater of action.
He died in 1632 of the plague.
Ankylopoda was a proposed clade that hypothetically contains turtles and lepidosaurs (tuatara, lizards and snakes) and their fossil relatives.
This clade was historically supported based on microRNA analysis as well as some morphological cladistic analyses.
However, it was strongly contradicted by molecular evidence which supports Archelosauria (the grouping of turtles and archosaurs), as well as some morphological analyses.
Black Jack is an aniseed-flavored chewing gum manufactured by the American company, Gerrit J.
Verburg Co.
In 1869, exiled former Mexican president and general Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna (famous for losing the Texas War of Independence) was living in New Jersey.
He brought Mexican chicle with him in hopes of selling it to raise funds to help him return to power in his home country.
He persuaded Thomas Adams of Staten Island, New York, to buy it.
Adams, a photographer and inventor, intended to vulcanize the chicle for use as a rubber substitute.
Adams' efforts at vulcanization failed, but he noticed that Santa Anna liked to chew the chicle, which the ancient Mayans had done.
Disappointed with the rubber experiments, Adams boiled a small batch of chicle in his kitchen to create a chewing gum.
He gave some to a local store to see if people would buy it; they did and he began production.
In 1871, Adams received a patent on a gum-making machine and began mass-producing chicle-based gum.
His first product ("Snapping and Stretching") was pure chicle with no flavoring, but sold well enough to encourage Adams in his plans.
He began to experiment with flavorings, beginning with sarsaparilla.
In 1884, he began adding licorice flavoring and called his invention Adams' Black Jack, the first flavored gum in the U.S.
It was also the first gum to be offered in sticks.
Black Jack Gum was sold well into the 1970s, when production ceased due to slow sales.
It was re-introduced in 1986 and again in 2019.
The Charles River (Massachusett: Quinobequin), sometimes called the River Charles or simply the Charles, is an 80-mile-long (129 km) river in eastern Massachusetts.
It flows northeast from Hopkinton to Boston along a meandering route which doubles back on itself several times and travels through 23 cities and towns before reaching the Atlantic Ocean.
Ervin Schiffer (1932, Balassagyarmat, Hungary – July 2014, Antwerp, Belgium) was a Hungarian-born violist and pedagogue.
Schiffer performed with several chamber ensembles, including the Haydn Quartet, the Tahor Quartet, and the Dekany Quartet, the predecessor of the Haydn Quartet.
As a teacher, Schiffer held positions at institutions including the Conservatorium van Amsterdam and La Chapelle Royale in Brussels.
He and his wife, violinist Katy Sebestyen, co-founded the Cours International de Musique in Morges, Switzerland, where both were active as artistic leaders.
The Grammy Award for Best Contemporary World Music Album was an honor presented to recording artists between 2004 and 2011 for quality contemporary world music albums.
The Grammy Awards, an annual ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, are presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to "honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position".
The Grammy Award for Best World Music Album was first presented at the 34th Grammy Awards in 1992.
The category remained unchanged until 2004, when it was split into separate awards for Grammy Award for Best Traditional World Music Album and Best Contemporary World Music Album.
The first award for Best Contemporary World Music Album was presented to Cesária Évora at the 46th Grammy Awards for the album Voz d'Amor.
In 2011, a major overhaul of the Grammy categories resulted in the merge of the two awards to a single Best World Music Album category beginning in 2012.
Hurricane Hutch in Many Adventures is a 1924 British silent comedy action film directed by Charles Hutchison and starring Charles Hutchison, Warwick Ward and Malcolm Tod.
Huitième Jour (Arabic: اليوم الثامن, al-Yawm ath-Thāmin), or simply J8, is an Algerian live talk show that debuted 2017 on Echourouk TV.
It deals with the news of the week, focusing on media news.
It is the local adaptation of the French series Touche pas à mon poste !.
It hosted by Farah Yasmine Nia, with a group of columnists, including Merouane Guerouabi, Zoubir Belhor and Chemseddine Lamrani.
A casting was announced by Not Found Prod on November 3, 2016 (2016-11-03) to choose other columnists for the show.
The name Joy, has been used for three tropical cyclones worldwide: one in the Western Pacific Ocean and two in the Australian region.
In the Western Pacific:
Tropical Storm Joy (1996) (T9611, 12W) – a strong tropical storm that did not affect land areas.
In the Australian region:
Cyclone Joy (1966) – a strong tropical cyclone.
Cyclone Joy (1990) – struck Australia in late 1990, causing the third highest floods on record in Rockhampton, Queensland.
Following the 1990-91 season, the World Metetorigical Organization retired the name Joy from rotating lists due to extensive damage.
Mary Couts Burnett (1856 – December 16, 1924) was a wealthy philanthropist who donated the bulk of her estate to Texas Christian University.
The endowment was used to establish the Mary Couts Burnett Library at the university.
Mental calculation (also known as mental computation) consists of arithmetical calculations made by the mind, within the brain, with no help from any supplies (such as pencil and paper) or devices such as a calculator.
People may use mental calculation when computing tools are not available, when it is faster than other means of calculation (such as conventional educational institution methods), or even in a competitive context.
Mental calculation often involves the use of specific techniques devised for specific types of problems.
Many of these techniques take advantage of or rely on the decimal numeral system.
Capacity of short-term memory is a necessary factor for the successful acquisition of a calculation, specifically perhaps, the phonological loop, in the context of addition calculations (only).
Mental flexibleness contributes to the probability of successful completion of mental effort - which is a concept representing adaptive use of knowledge of rules or ways any number associates with any other and how multitudes of numbers are meaningfully associative, and certain (any) number patterns, combined with algorithms process.
It was found during the eighteenth century that children with powerful mental capacities for calculations developed either into very capable and successful scientists and/or mathematicians or, instead became a counterexample, having experienced personal retardation.
People with an unusual fastness with reliably correct performance of mental calculations of sufficient relevant complexity are prodigies or savants.
By the same token, in some contexts and at some time, such an exceptional individual would be known as a lightning calculator, or a genius.
In a survey of children in England it was found that mental imagery was used for mental calculation.
By neuro-imaging, brain activity in the parietal lobes of the right hemisphere was found to be associated with mental imaging.
The teaching of mental calculation can be an element of schooling, with a focus in some teaching contexts on mental strategies.
North al Gazera is a district of Al Jazirah state, Sudan.
SS Sulina was a Romanian cargo ship that was torpedoed by the Soviet submarine A-3 and sank on 29 May 1942 near Odessa while carrying general cargo.
In molecular biology, snoRNA U101 (also known as SNORD101)  is a non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule which functions in the modification of other small nuclear RNAs (snRNAs).
This type of modifying RNA is usually located in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell which is a major site of snRNA biogenesis.
It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) and also often referred to as a guide RNA.
snoRNA U101 belongs to the C/D box class of snoRNAs which contain the conserved sequence motifs known as the C box (UGAUGA) and the D box (CUGA).
Most of the members of the box C/D family function in directing site-specific 2'-O-methylation of substrate RNAs.
U101 was identified by computational screening of the introns of ribosomal protein genes for conserved C/D box sequence motifs and expression experimentally verified by northern blotting.
snoRNA U101 resides in intron 3 of the ribosomal protein S12.
U101 shares the same host gene with C/D box snoRNA HBII-429, and the H/ACA box snoRNA ACA33.
There is currently no predicted methylation target for U101.
Tadese Worku (born 20 January 2002) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner.
He won the 3000 metres at the 2021 World Athletics U20 Championships.
The Maltese Cross Cabin is a cabin that was used by Theodore Roosevelt, before he was President.
The cabin is currently located at the visitor center at Theodore Roosevelt National Park, just outside the town of Medora, North Dakota.
Mountain Time contains all counties in the Nebraska Panhandle plus the following counties:
Most of Cherry County, including the western three-fourths of the county, is contained in the Mountain Time Zone, but the eastern fourth is in the Central Time Zone, which also contains the rest of the state.
Tucker Dale DeVries (born December 7, 2002) is an American college basketball player for the Indiana Hoosiers of the Big Ten Conference.
He previously played for the Drake Bulldogs and the West Virginia Mountaineers.
Willie Evans may refer to:
Willie Evans (footballer, born 1912) (1912–1976), Welsh Internationsl footballer
Willie Evans (running back) (1937–2017), University of Buffalo
Willie Evans (footballer, born 1939) (1939–c.
2014), Ghanaian footballer
Willie Evans (defensive end) (born 1984), National Football League
Zeynep Çelik may refer to:
Zeynep Çelik (judoka), a Turkish Paralympic judoka
Zeynep Çelik (scholar), Turkish-born architect and architectural historian
The 1995–96 season was Società Sportiva Lazio's 96th season since the club's existence and their eighth consecutive season in the top-flight of Italian football.
In this season, Lazio finished third in Serie A this season and reached the quarter-final of the Coppa Italia and the round of 32 of the UEFA Cup.
The 27th government of Turkey (25 June 1962 – 25 December 1963) is the second coalition government in the history of Turkey.
The prime minister, İsmet İnönü, was the leader of Republican People's Party (CHP) and a former president.
Adelicia Hayes Franklin Acklen Cheatham (March 15, 1817 – May 4, 1887) was an American planter and slave trader.
She became the wealthiest woman in Tennessee and a plantation owner in her own right after the 1846 death of her first husband, Isaac Franklin.
As a successful slave trader, she had used his wealth to purchase numerous plantations, lands, and slaves in Tennessee and Louisiana.
In 1880 Acklen sold four contiguous plantations in Louisiana as one property.
These have formed the grounds of the Louisiana State Penitentiary (also known as "Angola" after one of the plantations) since 1901.
When married to her second husband, Joseph Alexander Smith Acklen, Adelicia Acklen built the Belmont Mansion in Nashville, Tennessee.
She sold the property in 1887; it was converted for use as a girls' school and later junior college campus.
It is now operated as a museum at the center of what is now known as Belmont University.
Arthur Ingram (ca.
1565 – 1642) was an English politician.
Arthur Ingram may also refer to:
Arthur Ingram, 3rd Viscount of Irvine (1666–1702), English Member of Parliament and peer
Arthur Ingram, 6th Viscount of Irvine (1689–1736), British landowner and politician
Ingram, Virginia and Iowa legislator
Arthur Ingram (died 1742), member of Parliament for Horsham
The Biddle football team represented Biddle University (now known as Johnson C.
Smith University) in American football.
The team was founded in 1892.
A bogatyr (Russian: богатырь, IPA: [bəɡɐˈtɨrʲ] ; Ukrainian: богатир, romanized: bohatyr, IPA: [boɦɐˈtɪr] ) or vityaz (Russian: витязь, IPA: [ˈvʲitʲɪsʲ] ; Ukrainian: витязь, romanized: vytiaz, IPA: [ˈwɪtʲɐzʲ]) is a stock character in medieval East Slavic legends, akin to a Western European knight-errant.
Bogatyrs appear mainly in Rus' epic poems—bylinas.
Historically, they came into existence during the reign of Vladimir the Great (Grand Prince of Kiev from 978 to 1015) as part of his elite warriors (druzhina), akin to Knights of the Round Table.
Tradition describes bogatyrs as warriors of immense strength, courage and bravery, rarely using magic while fighting enemies in order to maintain the "loosely based on historical fact" aspect of bylinas.
They are characterized as having resounding voices, with patriotic and religious pursuits, defending Rus' from foreign enemies (especially nomadic Turkic steppe-peoples or Finno-Ugric tribes in the period prior to the Mongol invasions) and their religion.
C T Holdings PLC, formerly known as Ceylon Theatres Limited, is an investment holding company and one of the largest conglomerates in Sri Lanka.
The company was incorporated in 1928 by Chittampalam A.
Gardiner and quoted on the Colombo Stock Exchange ever since.
In 2019, Brand Finance ranked C T Holdings eighth amongst the most valuable conglomerates in Sri Lanka with a brand value of LKR18,981 million.
C T Holdings also ranked eighth in the LMD 100, a list of leading listed companies in Sri Lanka by the business magazine, LMD.
The company holds a 71% stake in Sri Lanka's largest food company, Cargills (Ceylon).
Shapiro (born 13 June, 1943) is an American psychologist and author.
He is known for his expertise in psychological evaluations for court cases, competency assessments, risk assessment, and criminal responsibility.
Shapiro has worked on high-profile cases, offering expert testimony and carrying out assessments that inform court decisions.
When his first book on forensic assessment was published in 1983, it was regarded as the first to contextualize practical issues rather than theoretical foundations.
In 1986, Shapiro served as the President of the American Academy of Forensic Psychology.
He is a fellow of the American Psychological Association.
He has also chaired numerous ethics committees and editorial boards of scholarly journals.
Shapiro is Professor Emeritus at Nova Southeastern University.
IPETCA, officially the Indigenous Peoples Economic and Trade Cooperation Arrangement, is a non-binding economic arrangement for promoting the economic empowerment of indigenous peoples in the Asia Pacific region, established in 2021.
John Hill (March 12, 1824 – June 7, 1910) of Homestead Plantation was a wealthy industrialist, sugar planter, philanthropist, and benefactor of Louisiana State University.
Julian Works is an American actor best known for his roles as Mateo Chavez in the TV series 9-1-1: Lone Star and a role in the 2023 film The Long Game.
Like each of the 78 Municipalities of Puerto Rico, the capital of Puerto Rico, San Juan, Puerto Rico, is subdivided into barrios or in English wards, 18 in number, 8 of which are further subdivided into a total of 72 sub-barrios.
On the lowest level of territorial subdivision, the barrios of San Juan are subdivided into a total of more than 2000 sectors:
In number theory, specifically the study of modular forms, a Maass–Shimura operator is an operator which maps modular forms to almost holomorphic modular forms.
Marine biogenic calcification is the production of calcium carbonate by organisms in the global ocean.
Marine biogenic calcification is the biologically mediated process by which marine organisms produce and deposit calcium carbonate minerals to form skeletal structures or hard tissues.
This process is a fundamental aspect of the life cycle of some marine organisms, including corals, mollusks, foraminifera, certain types of plankton, and other calcifying marine invertebrates.
The resulting structures, such as shells, skeletons, and coral reefs, function as protection, support, and shelter and create some of the most biodiverse habitats in the world.
Marine biogenic calcifiers also play a key role in the biological carbon pump and the biogeochemical cycling of nutrients, alkalinity, and organic matter.
Operation Overlord was the codename for the Battle of Normandy, the Allied operation that launched the successful liberation of German-occupied Western Europe during World War II.
The operation was launched on 6 June 1944 (D-Day) with the Normandy landings (Operation Neptune).
A 1,200-plane airborne assault preceded an amphibious assault involving more than 5,000 vessels.
Nearly 160,000 troops crossed the English Channel on 6 June, and more than two million Allied troops were in France by the end of August.
The decision to undertake cross-channel landings in 1944 was made at the Trident Conference in Washington in May 1943.
American General Dwight D.
Eisenhower was appointed commander of Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force, and British General Bernard Montgomery was named commander of the 21st Army Group, which comprised all the land forces involved in the operation.
The Normandy coast in northwestern France was chosen as the site of the landings, with the Americans assigned to land at sectors codenamed Utah and Omaha, the British at Sword and Gold, and the Canadians at Juno.
To meet the conditions expected on the Normandy beachhead, special technology was developed, including two artificial ports called Mulberry harbours and an array of specialised tanks nicknamed Hobart's Funnies.
In the months leading up to the landings, the Allies conducted Operation Bodyguard, a substantial military deception that used electronic and visual misinformation to mislead the Germans as to the date and location of the main Allied landings.
Adolf Hitler placed  Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in charge of developing fortifications all along Hitler's proclaimed Atlantic Wall in anticipation of landings in France.
The Allies failed to accomplish their objectives for the first day, but gained a tenuous foothold that they gradually expanded when they captured the port at Cherbourg on 26 June and the city of Caen on 21 July.
A failed counterattack by German forces in response to Allied advances on 7 August left 50,000 soldiers of the German 7th Army trapped in the Falaise pocket by 19 August.
The Allies launched a second invasion from the Mediterranean Sea of southern France (code-named Operation Dragoon) on 15 August, and the Liberation of Paris followed on 25 August.
German forces retreated east across the Seine on 30 August 1944, marking the close of Operation Overlord.
Patricia Lake is a 32-acre, spring-fed seepage lake close to the town of Minocqua, Oneida County, Wisconsin, United States.
It is located on the border between Oneida and Vilas counties, just south of Wisconsin Highway 70 and northwest of Kawaguesaga Lake.
The lake has no public access and boats with gasoline engines are prohibited.
It has a maximum depth of 23 feet, and bluegill, northern pike and largemouth bass can be caught.
There is a small residential development on the northwest shore of the lake, and houses on the north and the eastern sides.
Norwood Pines supper club serves food on a screened deck over the lake.
On the southwest shore lies Patricia Lake Campground & RV Park.
Pine Hill Resort lies to the southeast of the lake, on the shores of the adjacent Kawaguesaga Lake.
Retry may refer to:
Retrial, in which a person is retried in court for various reasons
Retry, another term for a single play-turn in a video game
Retry (video game), a former 2014 video game developed by Rovio
Part of the DOS error message, Abort, Retry, Fail?
Saint-Léger-le-Guérétois (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ leʒe lə ɡeʁetwa]; Limousin: Sent Legèr (Garaitós)) is a commune in the Creuse department in central France.
The Murder of the Princes in the Tower is a 1786 history painting by the British artist James Northcote.
It depicts a scene from the late fifteenth century England, referencing William Shakespeare's Richard III.
The children of the former monarch Edward IV are about to be smothered to death in the Tower of London on the orders of his brother Richard III.
Northcote displayed the work at the Royal Academy Exhibition of 1786 at Somerset House, after which it was bought by the publisher John Boydell.
It was exhibited at his Shakespeare Gallery in Pall Mall.
It was subsequently acquired by the art collector George Wyndham, 3rd Earl of Egremont for his country estate at Petworth House in Sussex.
It remains in the collection at Petworth, now owned by the National Trust.
Witless Protection is a 2008 American crime comedy film written, and directed by Charles Robert Carner, and starring Larry the Cable Guy and Jenny McCarthy.
Distributed by Lionsgate, the film was theatrically released on February 22, 2008.
It was critically panned and was a commercial failure, grossing $4.1 million.
It was the final film appearance of Yaphet Kotto before his retirement later that year from acting, and his death in 2021.
Aulae or Aulai (Ancient Greek: Αὐλαί) was a town on the coast of ancient Caria, on the Bozburun Peninsula.
Its site is located near Orhaniye, Muğla Province, Turkey.
Brian Cadle (September 13, 1948 – November 6, 2015) was a professional ice hockey player who played 56 games as a left winger in the World Hockey Association with the Winnipeg Jets, during their inaugural 1972–73 season.
He died of brain cancer in 2015.
"Chand Sifarish" (transl.
The moon recommends) is a song from the 2006 Hindi film Fanaa, sung by Shaan and Kailash Kher.
The song received positive reception from critics and won two awards at both the International Indian Film Academy Awards and that country's Filmfare Awards.
Courbet is a French jewelry business founded in 2018 by Manuel Mallen and Marie-Ann Wachtmeister.
Courbet uses only lab-grown diamonds and recycled gold, which comes mainly from old smartphones and laptops, in order to create their jewellery.
The firm's manufacturing sites run on sustainable energy and are located in Russia and the United States.
Since November 2019, Courbet also buys diamonds produced in France by the French business Diam Concept.
Dandy Dyeing Limited is a dyeing company owned by the family of former prime minister of Bangladesh Khaleda Zia.
The company and former prime minister Khaleda Zia, her sons, Tarique Rahman, and Arafat Rahman, were sued by Sonali Bank on charges of defaulting on a loan.
According to Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina the company owed 400 million BDT to state-owned Sonali Bank.
Diesel Loco Shed, Abu Road is a motive power depot performing locomotive maintenance and repair facility for diesel locomotives of the Indian Railways, located at Abu Road railway station (ABR) in Abu Road city in the Indian state of  Rajasthan.
It is one of the two diesel loco sheds of the North Western Railway, the others being at Bhagat ki Kothi.
Elspeth Rosamund Morton Howe, Baroness Howe of Idlicote, Baroness Howe of Aberavon,  (née Shand; 8 February 1932 – 22 March 2022) was a British life peer and crossbench member of the House of Lords (2001–2020) who served in many capacities in public life.
As the widow of Geoffrey Howe, she was formerly known as Lady Howe of Aberavon before receiving a peerage in her own right.
She was the paternal half-aunt of Queen Camilla.
Eyyal is a village in Thrissur District in the state of Kerala, India.
Archeologists have unearthed a collection of old Roman coins in 1946.
These coins date from 123 BC to 117 AD.
These coins currently exhibited in the Archeological Museum of Thrissur.
Floating World, a CD based upon a Japanese Fairy Tale, is the third album by Anathallo.
It was self-released in 2006.
"Floating World" is the English translation of the Japanese concept of Ukiyo.
Gmina Łańcut (Łańcut Commune) is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Łańcut County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in southeastern Poland.
Its seat is the town of Łańcut (site of the famous Łańcut Castle), although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.
The gmina covers an area of 106.65 square kilometres (41.2 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 20,313 (21,108 in 2011).
José Luis Cerrillo Garnica (born 9 December 1952) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
From 2007 to 2009 he served as Deputy of the LX Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Michoacán.
The K League Top Assists Award has been awarded to the top assist providers of K League since the 1983 season.
Kylie Waterreus (born 22 March 1998) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist, who rode for UCI Women's Continental Team Multum Accountants Ladies.
She is the niece of former football goalkeeper Ronald Waterreus.
Mikiko Sone (曽根 幹子, Sone Mikiko; born 24 October 1952) is a Japanese athlete.
She competed in the women's high jump at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Following her athletics career, she became a professor of sports science at Hiroshima City University.
Mário Juruna (September 3, 1942 or 1943 – July 18, 2002) was the first national-level federal representative in Brazil that belonged to an indigenous people.
Richard Dudley Hubbard (September 7, 1818 – February 28, 1884) was a United States representative and the 48th Governor of Connecticut.
Ubaldo José Heredia Martínez (born May 4, 1956) is a former Major League Baseball right-handed starting pitcher who played for the Montreal Expos in 1987.
Heredia compiled a 0–1 record with six strikeouts and a 5.40 of ERA in 10 innings.
After his professional playing career, Heredia worked as a scout for the Seattle Mariners where he helped sign Erasmo Ramírez and others.
Ulutaş is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of İspir, Erzurum Province in Turkey.
Its population is 32 (2022).
William Jack is the name of:
William Jack (athlete) (born 1930), British Olympic sprinter
William Jack (Australian politician) (1892–1982)
William Jack (botanist) (1795–1822), of Scotland
William Jack (mathematician) (1834–1924), from Scotland
William Jack (U.S.
politician) (1788–1852), member of the U.S.
House of Representatives
William Brydone Jack (1817–1886), Canadian mathematician and astronomer
Yaparka (Russian: Япарка; Bashkir: Япар, Yapar) is a rural locality (a village) in Kushnarenkovsky Selsoviet, Kushnarenkovsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia.
The population was 83 as of 2010.
There are 2 streets.
The 2013–14 Football League Two was Wycombe Wanderers' 126th season in existence and their twentieth season in the Football League.
This page shows the statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club played during the season.
The season also marked the end of Ivor Beeks' 28-year career as Wycombe's chairman, on 21 August 2013.
During the 28 years he spent as chairman, he oversaw the club's rise from the Isthmian League into the Football League.
He continues his affiliation with the club in the role of vice-president.
Wycombe ended the season in dramatic style, by achieving League Two survival on the final day of the season.
On 3 May 2014, Wycombe began the day three points adrift of safety in the relegation zone.
However, after a 3–0 victory away at Torquay, coupled with Bristol Rovers' 1–0 defeat to Mansfield, Wycombe stayed up on goal difference, whilst Bristol dropped out of the Football League.
The 2023 World's Strongest Man was the 46th World's Strongest Man competition which took place in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina from 19 to 23 April.
The contest was won by Mitchell Hooper of Barrie, Ontario making him the first Canadian champion.
Defending champion Tom Stoltman placed second, and Oleksii Novikov placed third.
Anarete is a genus of midges in the family Cecidomyiidae.
There are 38 described species.
The genus was established by Irish entomologist Alexander Henry Haliday in 1833 and has a cosmopolitan distribution.
Centrostephanus besnardi is a species of sea urchins of the family Diadematidae.
Their armour is covered with spines.
Centrostephanus besnardi was first scientifically described in 1955 by Bernasconi.
East Fremantle was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia from 1897 to 1911.
Based in urban East Fremantle, the district was first contested at the 1897 election.
Its first member was Ministerialist Joseph Holmes who was defeated by William Angwin of the Labor Party at the 1904 election.
Holmes turned the tables by defeating Angwin at the 1905 election, however this result was successfully challenged and Angwin won the subsequent by-election.
The district ceased to exist at the 1911 election when it was amalgamated with the neighbouring district of North Fremantle into the new district of North-East Fremantle, which then became Angwin's new seat.
The English Spot is a breed of domestic rabbit that was developed in England in the 19th century through selective breeding.
Averaging 5 to 8 pounds in weight, the English Spot is a medium-sized breed that is most noted by the distinctive colored markings on its body, including the butterfly nose marking, eye circles, cheek spots, herringbone, colored ears, and a chain of spots.
The English Spot's fur type is flyback.
The breed comes in seven different varieties, including black, blue, chocolate, lilac, tortoise, gray, and gold.
English Spots have a full arch body, with long front legs that carry them off the table.
English Spots are most known for their curious and fun loving nature.
Every Best Single 2 is the second greatest hits compilation of J-pop duo Every Little Thing, released on September 10, 2003 by Avex Trax.
Tal Aizik (Hebrew: טל אייזיק; born 9 March 1993), better known as Fly, is an Israeli professional Dota 2 player for Nouns Esports.
He is a former co-founder of the esports team OG.
Aizik won four Dota Major Championships with team OG.
Homare Suguro (勝呂 誉, Suguro Homare; June 1, 1940 – January 23, 2026) was a Japanese actor and singer.
He worked for Shochiku Geino.
Jaime Moyer is an American actress known for her appearances on Modern Family, A.P.
Undercover, and Parks and Recreation; as well as voice work on Bob's Burgers and The Great North.
Julian Cecil Stanley (July 9, 1918 – August 12, 2005) was an American psychologist.
He was an advocate of accelerated education for academically gifted children.
He founded the Johns Hopkins University Center for Talented Youth (CTY), as well as a related research project, the Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth (SMPY), whose work has, since 1980, been supplemented by the Julian C.
Stanley Study of Exceptional Talent (SET), which provides academic assistance to gifted children.
Stanley was also widely known for his classic book, coauthored with Donald Campbell, on the design of educational and psychological research - Experimental and Quasi-experimental Designs for Research.
Lists of women One Day International cricketers are lists of women's One Day International cricket players by team.
List of Australia women ODI cricketers
List of Bangladesh women ODI cricketers
List of Denmark women ODI cricketers
List of England women ODI cricketers
List of India women ODI cricketers
List of International XI women ODI cricketers
List of Ireland women ODI cricketers
List of Jamaica women ODI cricketers
List of Japan women ODI cricketers
List of Netherlands women ODI cricketers
List of New Zealand women ODI cricketers
List of Pakistan women ODI cricketers
List of Papua New Guinea women ODI cricketers
List of Scotland women ODI cricketers
List of South Africa women ODI cricketers
List of Sri Lanka women ODI cricketers
List of Trinidad and Tobago women ODI cricketers
List of United Arab Emirates women ODI cricketers
List of United States women ODI cricketers
List of West Indies women ODI cricketers
List of Young England women ODI cricketers
List of Zimbabwe women ODI cricketers
Manuel Bacigalupo (25 December 1916 – 10 June 1965) was a Peruvian cyclist.
He competed in the individual and team road race events at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Nepa (also known as Nipa or Neepa) was a mountainous kingdom mentioned in the ancient Sanskrit epic Mahabharata.
Its modern equivalent is identified as the Kingdom of Nepal, a country located in the mountainous terrain of the Himalayas.
Samuel Steinfeld (February 15, 1906 in Louisville, Kentucky – November 22, 2007) was the Chief Justice of the Kentucky Court of Appeals while it was the highest court in the state.
He was elected to the court in 1966 and became chief justice in 1972.
He retired in 1974.
Shanghai North Bund Center (上海北外滩中心), also known as the North Bund Tower, is a 480-meter (1,570 ft) skyscraper under construction  in Shanghai's Hongkou District.
Designed by  American architecture firm Kohn Pedersen Fox, when completed it will have 97 stories above the ground and four below ground, and will be the tallest building in Puxi.
TJ Mladosť Kalša is a Slovak football team, based in the village of Kalša.
Thelocactus tepelmemensis  is a species of cactus endemic to Mexico.
WCO may refer to:
Water Conservation Order
Weak Crossover
West Coast offense
Wisconsin Chamber Orchestra
World Council of Optometry
World Customs Organization
World Culture Open
"Yume de Aetara" (official title: 夢で逢えたら) is the seventeenth maxi single by Dragon Ash; released in late 2006.
Like their previous two singles, this single was part of the countdown to Dragon Ash's tenth anniversary album Independiente released in 2007.
The single also includes remixes of the title tracks from Dragon Ash's previous two singles, Ivory and Few Lights Till Night.
Yume de Aetara is also the name of a 1990s manga and subsequent anime series; though it shares nothing in common with the single except for its name, which translates to "if we met in my dream".
The Academy for the Middle Years (AMY) Northwest Middle School, formerly the William Levering School, is a historic middle school located in the neighborhood of Roxborough, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
It is part of the School District of Philadelphia.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Aleksandr Sergeyevich Kabanov (Russian: Александр Серге́евич Кабанов, 14 June 1948 – 30 June 2020) was a Soviet and Russian water polo player and head coach of the Russian water polo team.
He is one of a few sportspeople who won Olympic medals in water polo as players and head coaches.
Kabanov died on 30 June 2020, aged 72.
America II is a racing sailboat and one of the final America's Cup 12 Meters.
There were a total of three America IIs commissioned for the New York Yacht Club's challenge in the 1987 America's Cup.
These were US 42, 44 & 46 and all boats were named America II.
America II (US 46), skippered by John Kolius, competed in the 1987 Louis Vuitton Cup which was held in Fremantle, Australia running up to the America's Cup.
The New York Yacht Club syndicate, competing as US Merchant Marine Academy Foundation, were the first to arrive in Fremantle in 1984.
It had two 12-Meter boats, US 42 and US 44 (both named America II) sailing in the following year.
A third sister boat, US 46 arrived shortly after.
The challenge cost the NYYC and their partners US$15 Million.
The America II Challenge was a partnership of the America II team, the New York Yacht Club and the United States Merchant Marine Academy, and included 34 affiliated U.S.
yacht clubs, three corporate sponsors and over 115 corporate contributors.
America II (US 42), competing at Fremantle, was the first of three new 12-meters that represented the syndicate and has seven sets of wings that can be snapped on and off her keel at will.
"We've probably imported more lead into Western Australia than anybody else," said Kolius.
Amethi district is a district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
This district is a part of Ayodhya division in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh.
It covers an area of 2,329.11 km2.
Gauriganj is the administrative headquarters of the district.
It is widely known for its association with the Nehru-Gandhi political family since 1980.
Sanjay Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi (former Prime Minister), sons of Indira Gandhi, as well as Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul Gandhi, have, at different times, represented this constituency.
However, this changed in 2019 when Rahul was defeated in the Lok Sabha elections by Smriti Irani of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Irani was defeated in 2024 by Kishori Lal Sharma of the Indian National Congress.
BoA is the only English studio album (twelfth overall) by South Korean recording artist BoA.
The album was released on March 17, 2009, in the United States through SM Entertainment.
BoA was released in Japan through Avex Trax the following day and was boxed with her second greatest hits album, Best & USA, as a 2-in-1 CD.
The record was originally titled Look Who's Talking, and was recorded at studios across the United States, Australia, and Thailand.
Commercially, BoA became the first album by a South Korean artist to appear on the US Billboard 200, peaking at number 127.
It also peaked at number 3 on the US Top Heatseekers and number 5 on the US Dance/Electronic Albums chart.
On August 31, 2009, BoA: Deluxe was released digitally via iTunes and included the single version of "Energetic" and two bonus songs: "Crazy About" and "Control".
On September 22, 2009, the album was released worldwide.
Christie Goodwin (born 1962) is an English art photographer who specialises in music photography.
Coregonus zugensis, also known as the Swiss whitefish, was a freshwater species of fish of the subfamily Coregoninae which was found in Europe lakes of Lucerne and Zug.
However, in a recent study, it was found that the species had been extirpated from Lake Zug.
Dave Gasser may refer to:
Dave Gasser (Canadian football)
Dave Gasser (baseball coach)
Extended collective licensing (ECL) are collective copyright and related rights laws and licensing agreements.
Fallon is a given name of the following people:
Fallon Bowman (born 1983), South African born Canadian musician
Fallon Fox (born 1975), American mixed martial arts fighter
Fallon Kelly (1907–1992), United States Attorney
Fallon King (born 1988), American singer and member of Cherish
Fallon Sherrock (born 1994), English darts player
Fallon Taylor (born 1982), American barrel racer
Hopea wightiana is a taxon synonym for two species of flowering plants:
Hopea wightiana Wall.
ex Wight & Arn., synonym of Hopea ponga var.
Hopea wightiana Miq.
ex Dyer, synonym of Hopea odorata Roxb.
Lee Edward Ohanian (born February 24, 1957) is an American economist, columnist, and author.
He is a professor of economics at the University of California, Los Angeles, and serves as a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution of Stanford University.
Ohanian previously taught at the University of Minnesota, the University of Pennsylvania, the Stockholm School of Economics, and was a consultant to the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.
This is a list of the first minority male lawyer(s) and judge(s) in New Jersey.
It includes the year in which the men were admitted to practice law (in parentheses).
Also included are other distinctions such as the first minority men in their state to graduate from law school or become a political figure.
Margaret Dauler Wilson (29 January 1939 – 27 August 1998) was an American philosopher and a professor of philosophy at Princeton University between 1970 and 1998.
Martelle Edinborough (born 27 September 1978) is a British actress.
Edinborough initially studied law at university and set up her own business.
After going into corporate law, she began taking acting class and was part of the Chicken Shop Shakespeare theatre company.
Edinborough later had three guest roles in the soap opera Coronation Street and made other guest appearances in Emmerdale, Hollyoaks, Cold Feet and Doctors, in addition to the short film The Tooth Fairy (2020).
After appearing in the horror film Evie, Edinborough returned to Emmerdale as regular character Suzy Merton in 2022, remaining until the character was killed off in 2025.
For her role as Suzy, Edinborough was longlisted for "Best Newcomer" at the 2022 Inside Soap Awards.
Olivia Tai Qing Tong (Chinese: 戴辛彤; pinyin: Dài Xīntóng; Jyutping: Daai3 San1 Tung4; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tè Sin-tông; born c.
1999) is a Malaysian rhythmic gymnast.
Puckeridge Stream is a minor river (brook) and drainage ditch of the Pevensey Levels in Hailsham, Wealden District of East Sussex, England.
The river is a tributary to Hurst Haven, itself a tributary of Pevensey Haven.
Puckeridge Stream has multiple tributaries itself, including Magham Sewer and Bowley Sewer.
Russula acrifolia is a species of mushroom.
Its cap is coloured grey to blackish-grey; the cap becomes red when it is injured, but then turns blackish-gray.
It is edible and described as having an acrid taste.
It grows on rich soils.
"Season of love" is Mai Kuraki's twenty-sixth single, released on February 14, 2007.
It is her first collaboration with Aika Ohno and Cybersound since "Time After Time (Hana Mau Machi de)", nearly 4 years ago.
"Season of Love" was Kuraki's last single under Giza Studio.
The Pride of Palomar is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by Frank Borzage and written by Grant Carpenter, Peter B.
Kyne, and John Lynch.
The film stars Forrest Stanley, Marjorie Daw, Tote Du Crow, James O.
Barrows, Joseph J.
Dowling, and Alfred Allen.
The film was released on November 26, 1922, by Paramount Pictures.
A print of this film is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.
Set at the "Rancho El Palomar", it was filmed largely at Rancho Guajome and Mission San Luis Rey in Vista and Oceanside, CA, respectively.
As such, it gives some valuable glimpses of these two historical sites as they were about a century ago (though the back of the ranch building was stuccoed for the movie, which one can still see at Guajome).
It also shows a few scenes featuring Pullman porters and dining cars of the 1920s.
The movie was unusual in showing some kind of themed background to the intertitles.
The following lists events that happened during 1990 in Chile.
The 2018 Doha Diamond League was the 20th edition of the annual outdoor track and field meeting in Doha, Qatar.
Held on 4 May at Suheim bin Hamad Stadium, it was the opening leg of the 2018 Diamond League – the highest level international track and field circuit.
Assin Kyekyewere is a small town and is the district capital of Assin South district in the Central Region of Ghana.
Due to its proximity to Assin Nsuaem, it is often mistaken to be part of the same town.
Ballyhuppahane, also spelt Ballyhuppahaun, (Irish: Baile Shopacháin) is a townland in County Laois, Ireland.
Bulgarian Americans are Americans of full or partial Bulgarian descent.
For the 2000 United States census, 55,489 Americans indicated Bulgarian as their first ancestry, while 92,841 persons declared to have Bulgarian ancestry.
Those can include Bulgarian Americans living in the United States for one or several generations, dual Bulgarian American citizens, or any other Bulgarian Americans who consider themselves to be affiliated to both cultures or countries.
Bulgarian Americans include persons born in Bulgaria, in the United States, and in other countries with ethnic Bulgarian population.
Because some Bulgarians are not American citizens, others are dual citizens, and still others' ancestors moved to the U.S.
several generations ago, some of these people consider themselves to be simply Americans, Bulgarians, Bulgarians living in the United States or American Bulgarians.
After the 2000 U.S.
census, the population grew significantly — according to the general assessments of Bulgarian diplomatic representations in the US for 2010, there were 250,000 Bulgarians residing in the country, and more than 30,000 students.
CICO is the abbreviation of:
Chongqing International Construction Corporation, a Chinese construction and engineering company
One of TVOntario's call signs
Calorie in, calorie out
Esther Lurie (Hebrew: אסתר לוריא; 1913 – 14 February 1998) was an Israeli painter.
After studying at theatre set design and drawing in Belgium, and immigrating to Palestine in 1934, Lurie obtained work by painting and exhibiting her art in Tel Aviv.
In 1941, while residing with family in Kovno, she was deported to the Kovno ghetto during the German occupation of Lithuania.
While imprisoned at the Kovno ghetto, and later the Stutthof and Ľubica concentration camps, she continued to paint and draw art, both under the surveillance of the Germans and clandestinely.
After the war, in 1945, Lurie published reproductions of her artwork in the sketchbook Jewesses in Slavery.
Her sketches and watercolors documenting the Holocaust also served as part of the testimony in the 1961 trial of Adolf Eichmann.
She is a two-time recipient of the Dizengoff Prize—she received it first in 1938, for The Palestine Orchestra, and again in 1946, for Young Woman with the Yellow Patch.
Everett "Ev" Bacon (August 18, 1890 – February 1, 1989) was an American football quarterback in college.
He was also a star athlete in baseball, basketball, tennis, and golf.
Bacon was twice an All-American in football (1910 and 1912).
He was "one of only two players not from an Ivy League institution on the 1912 team.
One of the other All-Americans on the 1912 team was Jim Thorpe." As an undergraduate at Wesleyan University (class of 1913), Bacon helped pioneer the use of the forward pass.
In 1966, Bacon was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Since 1936, Wesleyan has awarded the C.
Everett Bacon Award to the institution's Most Valuable Football Player.
Wesleyan's Bacon Field House, a 70,000-square-foot (6,500 m2) field house, was named to honor him.
He is interred at the Indian Hill Cemetery in Middletown, Connecticut.
Hartsop Dodd is a fell in the English Lake District, standing to the south east of Brothers Water.
It is a subsidiary top on the north ridge of Caudale Moor, but was given separate fell status by Wainwright in his Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells.
That convention is followed here.
The IEC 61010 series of standards are developed and maintained by IEC TC 66 and covers the safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use.
The Ihuraua River is a river of the southern North Island of New Zealand.
It flows north from its source southeast of Eketāhuna, joining with several streams to become the Tiraumea River north of Alfredton.
Kim Chae-uk (Korean: 김채욱) was a North Korean politician who served as a member of the Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea.
Senipisi Langi Kavaliku (1939 – 3 December 2008), styled The Hon.
Hu’akavameiliku, was a Tongan scholar and politician.
He served as a Cabinet Minister for 35 years, and was Deputy Prime Minister of Tonga in the 1990s.
He was the first Tongan to obtain a master's degree and a PhD.
He was also the estate holder of the village of Ha'asini.
Pontianak Kota (Pontianak town in English) is a district (Indonesian:kecamatan) of the city of Pontianak.
It lies on the south bank of the Kapuas Besar River and covers an area of 15.98 km2.
It had a population of 110,111 at the 2010 census; the latest official estimate of population (as at mid 2019) is 1227,700.
This is the location of Pontianak's main civic administrative offices.
List of famous places in Pontianak Kota:
Dwikora Harbour, main harbour of Pontianak
Pontianak Major Office
Inter-district ferry dock (connects North Pontianak and Pontianak Kota)
Matahari Shopping Mall
Kebon Sajoek Stadium, home of the city football club Persipon Pontianak
Prospect research, also known as development research or fundraising research, is a technique through which fundraisers, development teams, and nonprofits gather relevant information about potential donors.
Research methods include prospect screening companies, prospect research consultants, and in-house researchers.[1]
Prospect researchers are professionals who work for universities, hospitals, charities or other not for profit organizations.
Some are freelancers, or work for private companies.
Organizations generally employ prospect researchers to find and qualify potential "major" donors who have the resources to make a large gift to the organization, although the definition of a "large" gift can vary considerably.
A prospect researcher will assess an individual's, company's or charitable trust or foundation's capacity and propensity to donate.
Prospect researchers use a variety of resources, including public records, business and financial publications, specialized fundraising software, and internet databases.
Hospitals may incorporate prospect research into their grateful patient fundraising programs.
Prospect researchers also focus their search on individuals, companies and foundations on their specific giving interests and philanthropic histories, should they already exist.
Most prospect researchers adhere to a code of ethics to protect both the institutions they represent and the prospects they research.
Prospect research is an established component of the Prospect Development field pioneered by Bobbie J.
Strand, which also encompasses relationship/pipeline management and data analytics for advancement.
Raoul Heilbronner (died 1941) was a German-born art and antiques dealer operating in Paris from before 1887 who supplied many of the important collectors of his era, including Sir Joseph Duveen, Henry E.
Huntington and William Randolph Hearst.
His premises were at 3 rue du Vieux-Colombier.
Sangpang is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Koshi Zone of eastern Nepal.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3567 persons living in 718 individual households.
Steve Boardman may refer to:
Steve Boardman (historian), Scottish medieval historian
Steve Boardman (soccer) (born 1964), retired American soccer defender
The Daily Stormer is an American neo-Nazi commentary and message board website that advocates for a second genocide of Jews.
It is part of the alt-right movement.
Its editor, Andrew Anglin, founded the outlet on July 4, 2013, as a faster-paced replacement for his previous website Total Fascism, which had focused on his own long-form essays on fascism, race, and antisemitic conspiracy theories.
In contrast, The Daily Stormer relies heavily on quoted material with exaggerated headlines.
The site is known for its use of Internet memes, which have been likened to the imageboard 4chan and cited as attractions for a younger and more ideologically diverse audience.
The Daily Stormer orchestrates what it calls the "Troll Army", which is involved in Internet trolling of figures with whom Anglin disagrees politically.
In August 2017, after causing outrage by insulting the victim of a car-ramming homicide at the far-right Unite the Right rally, the website was rejected by several domain registrars.
In August 2019, the site went offline temporarily when their service provider, BitMitigate, was cut off by their cloud infrastructure provider; the site found another provider.
In June 2019, a federal judge ordered Anglin to pay $4.1 million to comedian Dean Obeidallah, whom Anglin had falsely accused of orchestrating the Manchester Arena bombing.
In August 2019, a federal judge ordered that Anglin pay $14 million to Tanya Gersh, a woman from Whitefish, Montana, against whom he had organized a targeted harassment campaign.
The Daily Stormer announced in March 2026 that the site would be closing.
Willi Roth (31 July 1929 – 2 May 2017) was a German boxer.
He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1956 Summer Olympics.
The 60mm HVMS (High Velocity Medium Support) gun is a self-loading autocannon jointly developed by IMI Systems of Israel and OTO Melara of Italy.
It was designed to be mounted on light armoured vehicles to provide an anti-armour capability using high-velocity sub-calibre kinetic ammunition.
Alexander Tolmer (1815 – 7 March 1890) was a South Australian Police Commissioner.
He was educated at Plymouth, Rouen, Maidstone and Hawkhurst.
He migrated to South Australia in 1840 where he was made sub-inspector by Governor George Gawler.
In August 1840, Tolmer was part of the punitive expedition to the Coorong after Aborigines massacred 25 shipwreck survivors from the ship Maria, which had been travelling from Port Adelaide to Hobart.
He was involved in the 1842 search for Charles Christian Dutton and droving party, believed to have been similarly attacked on their way from Port Lincoln to Adelaide, but no trace of the party was ever found.
Police Inspector Alexander Tolmer was among the original residents of the newly established village of Norwood, South Australia, in 1847.
After several stints of acting in the position, Tolmer was appointed Commissioner of Police on 3 January 1852 replacing George Dashwood.
He was instrumental in creating the Gold Escort route between Mount Alexander near Castlemaine, Victoria, and Adelaide in the 1850s (the first arrived in Adelaide on 20 March 1852 with around 600 lb (270 kg) of gold, the second, with 1,620 lb (735 kg) on 4 May 1852; it also carried mail between diggers and their Adelaide families) and also helped to establish the town of Bordertown.
He began acting erratically, as though jealous of his position, and determined to show up his subordinates.
A case in point was that of Corporal Balls, whom Tolmer accused of not having, as ordered, posted a certain General Order in the messroom.
Balls remonstrated that he had indeed done as he was told, and Inspector Alford (for whom J.
Bull had the greatest respect) backed him up.
Tolmer gave Balls five minutes to back down, which he refused to do for sake of falsifying himself and making a liar of Alford.
Balls was summarily dismissed and Alford promptly resigned.
Senior Inspector C.
Stuart (c.
1811–1891) was suspended in September 1853.
In November 1853, following an inquiry into police morale and efficiency, Tolmer was demoted to Chief Inspector (he ascribed the blame to Stuart, his temporary replacement while on Gold Escort duty), and six months later was sidelined to the Public Service.
In December 1853, a board of enquiry ratified Stuart's suspension, and furthermore relieved Tolmer of command of the force, offering it to T.
O'Halloran and, surprisingly, reinstated Tolmer as Chief Inspector.
These moves followed the confessions of W.
Orde, Tolmer's chief clerk, that he had been complicit in Tolmer's  machinations against his subordinates.
Superintendent Tolmer was sacked by Police Commissioner Warburton in 1856.
A well-attended meeting at Green's Exchange in March 1856 sent a letter of protest to Governor MacDonnell.
In 1882, he published his book Reminiscences of an Adventurous and Chequered Career at Home and at the Antipodes.
The book is in two volumes (both available at the Internet Archive).
It has been described, by the Australian Dictionary of Biography, as "an engaging and egotistical work".
Despite Alexander Tolmer's alleged character flaws and involvement in various disputes, there cannot be much doubt that his initiative and determination in relation to the implementation of the overland Gold Escort helped save South Australia from an economic crisis at a most vulnerable time in the colony's development.
This feat alone earned him the respect and appreciation of many South Australians.
He was energetic in his pursuit of law and order in the young colony over a long period and as Police Commissioner implemented significant reform and innovation to the service.
He has been recognised with a plaque in the Jubilee 150 Walkway on the footpath of North Terrace, Adelaide.
Tolmer died in 1890 and was buried at the Mitcham Cemetery in an Anglican service.
A son, Alexander H.
Tolmer, was a drover, explorer, and manager of Arkaba Station.
Amal Pirappancode is a Malayalam language novelist, short story writer, illustrator, graphic novelist and C
cartoonist from Kerala, India.
His novel Vyasanasamuchayam has won the 2018 Yuva Puraskar and the Basheer Yuva Prathibha Award.
He has also received several other awards including Kerala Sahitya Akademi Geetha Hiranyan Endowment.
Andrew Masterson (born 1961 in the United Kingdom) is an Australian author of crime fiction, horror and non-fiction.
Masterson emigrated from the UK to Australia in 1968.
He has worked as a journalist since 1984 in a number of countries, including Australia, the UK, Germany and the United States.
He has a teenager named Cato, and a wife named Sahm.
Aprosencephaly cerebellar dysgenesis is a rare, non-syndromic central nervous system malformation characterized by the absence of the telencephalon and diencephalic structures.
These are often combined with severe abnormalities in the mesencephalon and cerebellum.
Boutwell Memorial Auditorium is a 4,300-seat multi-purpose arena located in Birmingham, Alabama.
It was built in 1924 as Birmingham's Municipal Auditorium, on a site near City Hall, facing Capitol Park (now Linn Park).
The building was designed by Thomas W.
Lamb, working with a committee of local architects.
A later renovation added to the lobby and meeting room space in front of the brick facade, giving the street view of the auditorium a decidedly modernist marble, aluminum and glass look.
The auditorium was renamed for Mayor Albert Boutwell.
The auditorium remains the property of the city.
It was home to the Birmingham Power basketball team.
Master plans for the future of the Birmingham Museum of Art, which adjoins Boutwell Auditorium, have included expanding onto its current site.
The interior of the facility includes seating in a horseshoe shape with a stage at the end opposite a balcony.
The venue is multi-purpose and can be configured to suit athletic events, theatre and other events.
In 2022, the auditorium hosted muay thai, sumo wrestling, and kickboxing events as part of the 2022 World Games.
Galbally may refer to:
Hadena circumvadis is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae.
It is found in North America.
The 22831 / 32 Howrah Junction–Sri Sathya Sai Prasanthi Nilayam Express (HWH–SSPN) was a Superfast express train belonging to Indian Railways East Coast Zone that ran between Howrah Junction and Sathya Sai Prasanthi Nilayam in India.
In August 2024, the route of this train was extended up to Yesvantpur Junction (YPR) in Bengaluru, Karnataka and is currently known as the 22831 / 32 Howrah Junction–Yesvantpur Junction Superfast Express.
This train was originally introduced to facilitate the travel of devotees of spiritual guru and philanthropist Sri Sathya Sai Baba to his ashram, Prasanthi Nilayam in Puttaparthi, Andhra Pradesh, India, and to patients seeking free yet advanced medical assistance at the hospitals set up by Sai Baba in Puttaparthi.
It operated as train number 22831 from Howrah Junction to Sathya Sai Prasanthi Nilayam and as train number 22832 in the reverse direction, serving the states of West Bengal, Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.
As of June 2025, other than the aspect of route extension, the rest of the configurations as mentioned in this Wikipedia article have been retained in the 22831 / 32 HWH–YPR SF Express.
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank is Germany's development agency for agribusiness and rural areas.
The bank has its registered office in Frankfurt am Main.
In 2019 it will be 70 years since it was founded.
With its low-interest loans, Rentenbank promotes a wide range of investments in agriculture and the associated upstream and downstream industries as well as in rural areas.
The funds are raised in the international capital markets.
Rentenbank was established in 1949 as a central funding institution with a statutory promotional mandate.
The Federal Republic of Germany has an institutional liability (Anstaltslast) and acts as a guarantor for the liabilities of Rentenbank.
Rentenbank is a successor to Deutsche Rentenbank, established as the currency issuer of the Rentenmark in 1923 to combat hyperinflation, and Deutsche Rentenbank Kreditanstalt (RKA), a major lender in the agricultural sector formed in 1925.
With total assets under management in the amount of around EUR 90 billion, Rentenbank counts among the 15 largest banks and is the third largest development bank in Germany.
Rentenbank is under the supervision of the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority(BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank.
Loose Lips is a politics column published in the Washington City Paper, an alternative weekly newspaper serving the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area.
It is billed as "The definitive guide to hometown politics in the nation's capital."
Mehmet Nazif Günal (born 1948) is a Turkish billionaire property developer who is the founder and sole owner of conglomerate Mapa Group, which he controls through a wholly owned holding company.
Mike Ricci may refer to:
Mike Ricci (ice hockey)
Mike Ricci (fighter)
The National Maritime Museum or National Maritime Archaeology Museum in Galle, Sri Lanka is situated within Galle Fort.
It was first opened to the public on 9 May 1992 and is located in a 1671 Dutch Warehouse above the Old Gate of Galle Fort.
Whilst the building housing the museum survived the impact of the 26 December 2004 tsunami, the adjoining UNESCO Maritime Archaeology Unit was completely destroyed and all the exhibitions were flood damaged and the majority of maritime archeological artifacts were lost.
Under Sri Lanka – Netherlands Cultural Co-operation Program, the Royal Government of Netherlands provided financial assistance for reconstruction of the Maritime Museum.
After 3 years period of reconstruction, the Maritime Museum was re-opened to the public.
Neodillo is a genus of woodlice belonging to the family Armadillidae.
This genus was described in 1990 by Henri Dalens.
The type specimen for this species is a Neodillo simplex from Western Province, Papua New Guinea.
There are currently two species in this genus.
Pachysylvia is a genus of bird in the family Vireonidae.
Pukiš is a village in the municipalities of Lopare (Republika Srpska) and Čelić, Tuzla Canton, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Thomas Craig Knight (born 28 June 1993) is an English first-class cricketer who has played first-class cricket and Twenty20 cricket for Derbyshire from 2011.
He was born at Sheffield, Yorkshire.
His contract was cancelled by mutual consent in July 2016.
Volvocaceae are a family of unicellular or colonial biflagellate algae, including the typical genus Volvox, and are collectively known as the volvocine algae.
The family was named by Ehrenberg in 1834, and it is known in older classifications as the Volvocidae.
All species are colonial and typically inhabit freshwater environments.
They are particularly useful as model organisms for studying the evolution of multicellularity, the evolution of sex, and cellular motion and mechanics.
WEC 38: Varner vs.
Cerrone was a mixed martial arts event held by World Extreme Cagefighting on January 25, 2009.
It aired live on the Versus Network.
In the main event, WEC Lightweight Champion Jamie Varner defended his title against undefeated top contender Donald Cerrone.
Balmy Beach may refer to:
Balmy Beach, an unincorporated community in the Township Georgian Bluffs, Ontario, Canada
Balmy Beach, a former unincorporated community in Ontario, Canada, annexed by Toronto in 1909
Balmy Beach, a beach on Lake Ontario in The Beaches neighbourhood of Toronto, Canada
Toronto Balmy Beach Beachers, a former Ontario Rugby Football Union team in Toronto, Canada
Banavara  is a town in the south Indian state of Karnataka.
The Bass Building is a historic building located at 119 St.
Patrick in Tonopah, Nevada.
Built in 1904, the building is the third-oldest stone commercial building in Tonopah.
The building has a simple stone design reflective of a transitional period between rustic and well-crafted stone buildings.
Bass built the structure as a lodging house; it later served as offices for a telephone company and as a fraternal lodge.
A 1912 fire gutted the building's interior, but Bass rebuilt it the following year.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 20, 1982.
Born to Ride may refer to:
Born to Ride (1991 film), a film directed by Graham Baker
Born to Ride (2011 film), a film directed by James Fargo
Born to Ride (Super Mario World), an episode of the television series Super Mario World
In the history of chemistry, the chemical revolution, also called the first chemical revolution, was the reformulation of chemistry during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, which culminated in the law of conservation of mass and the oxygen theory of combustion.
During the 19th and 20th century, this transformation was credited to  the work of the French chemist Antoine Lavoisier (the "father of modern chemistry").
However, recent work on the history of early modern chemistry considers the chemical revolution to consist of gradual changes in chemical theory and practice that emerged over a period of two centuries.
The so-called Scientific Revolution took place during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries whereas the chemical revolution took place during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
Ibarbengoa is a station on line 1 of the Bilbao metro.
It is located in the neighbourhood of Andra Mari, in the municipality of Getxo.
The station was constructed to serve the northernmost part of Getxo and to become the northern terminus of services terminating in Getxo.
The station currently serves as the northern terminus for select metro services.
The station opened on 15 June 2020.
Joseph Thompson (5 March 1989 – 17 April 2025) was an English professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Rochdale, Tranmere Rovers, Carlisle United, Southport and Bury.
John Van Lear Findlay (December 21, 1839 – April 19, 1907) was a U.S.
Representative from Maryland.
The Monument to the Brothers Calvi is a monument located in Piazza Matteotti in front of Palazzo Frizzoni (now the city hall) in the lower town of Bergamo, in the region of Lombardy, Italy.
It commemorates the four brothers who served as Alpini or mountain infantry, who died during or shortly after the First World War.
In the decades after the war, the brothers were revered for their exemplary martyrdom for the Italian nation.
Nikola Dimitrov Tsolov (Bulgarian: Никола Димитров Цолов, pronounced [ni'kɔɫa dimiˈtrɔf ˈt͡sɔɫɔf]; born 21 December 2006) is a Bulgarian racing driver who competes in the FIA Formula 2 Championship for Campos Racing as part of the Red Bull Junior Team.
Born and raised in Sofia, Tsolov began competitive kart racing aged nine, winning several national and continental titles before graduating to junior formulae in 2022.
He won the F4 Spanish Championship in his rookie season.
Nicknamed "the Bulgarian Lion", he broke the record for most wins (5) in FIA Formula 3 from 2023 to 2025, finishing runner-up to Rafael Câmara in the latter.
A member of the Alpine Academy from 2022 to 2024 and the Red Bull Junior Team since 2025, Tsolov completed his first Formula One showrun in June 2025, driving the Red Bull RB7 in Sofia.
Nomreh-ye Do (Persian: نمره دو, also Romanized as Nomreh Do) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 244, in 47 families.
Orders, decorations, and medals of Cameroon include:
Order of Valour (Ordre de la Valeur; seven grades)
Cameroon Order of Merit (Ordre du Mérite Camerounais; four grades)
Agricultural Order of Merit (Ordre du Mérite Agricole; three grades)
Sports Order of Merit (Ordre du Mérite Sportif; three grades)
Cameroon Cross of Military Valour (Croix de la Valeur Militaire du Cameroun)
Medal of Valiancy (Médaille de la Vaillance)
Medal of Merit of the Forces of Law and Order (Médaille de la Force Publique)
Labour Medal of Honour (Médaille d’Honneur du Travail)
terrestris may refer to:
Pedilochilus terrestris, an orchid species in the genus Pedilochilus
Phaeotrichoconis terrestris, a plant pathogen species
Phyllastrephus terrestris, a songbird species
Phytophthora terrestris, a water mould species
Pseudotetracystis terrestris, an alga species in the genus Pseudotetracystis
Pyrenochaeta terrestris, a fungal plant pathogen species
Padangia is a genus of Barbinae that lived in Sangkarewang Formation during the Eocene Epoch.
Previously known as "Thynnichthys ambylostoma", its name derived from Padang which is the capital of West Sumatra that located near the fossil deposit.
There are more than 500 specimens referred to this taxon with the biggest specimen measuring 12,5 inch/30,5 cm long.
Padangia is said to differ than most barbines by its large head that take about one-third of their standard length, cylindrical body with greatest body depth equal to or less than head depth, and strongly rounded and compressed pharyngeal teeth.
Its jaws are relatively short and the mouth would be slightly upturned in life.
Other autapomorphies of this taxa are ornamented striated opercle, supraorbital that have few short striations on the posterior fifth of the bone, and preopercle with seven or more canal pore openeings on the ventral limb.
Sanders (1934) reported there are 60 cycloid scales covering the lateral line although all of the specimens examined by Murray (2019) don't show these scalation.
The Giuseppe S.
Vaiana Astronomical Observatory is an astronomical observatory located in Palermo, Sicily, Italy, housed inside the Palazzo dei Normanni.
It is one of the research facilities of the National Institute of Astrophysics.
The observatory carries out research projects in the field of astronomy and astrophysics including the study of solar and stellar coronas, stellar evolution (including the birth of stars) and of the supernova remnants.
Radek Rabušic (born 21 November 1963) is a retired Czech football goalkeeper and later manager.
Ruff n Smooth is a Ghanaian-based music group made up of Ruff/Bullet (Ricky Nana Agyemang) & Smooth/Ahkan (Clement Baah Foh).
Although both have been on the music scene for a while, it was not till they formed an alliance that they both gained prominence.
Prior to this alliance, Bullet was formerly known as Etuo Aboba (meaning Bullet) and Ahkan known as Osrane (meaning Moon).
The Stefan Żeromski Park (Polish pronunciation: [ˈstɛ.fan ʐɛˈrɔm.ski]; Polish: Park im.
Stefana Żeromskiego) until 1945 known as the Grabowo Gardens (Polish pronunciation: [ɡraˈbɔ.vɔ]; German: Grabower Anlagen; Polish: Ogrody Grabowskie) is an urban park and arboretum in Szczecin, Poland.
It is located in the Old Town neighborhood, within the Downtown district, between Matejki, Malczewskiego, Parkowa, Kapitańska, Storrady, Wawelska, Starzyńskiego, and Zygmunta Starego Streets.
With an area of 21.97 ha, it is the second largest park in the city.
It was established in 1910, in place of the former Grabowo Cemetery.
Tan Song Hwa (born 28 July 1986) is a Malaysian athlete who specialises in hammer throw.
Her personal best is 58.71m, achieved on 15 June 2011 at Szombathely, Hungary.
Tan won the women's hammer throw gold medal at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games.
In 2011 SEA Games, in spite of pain due to a back injury, Tan retained her gold medal in the women's Hammer Throw which she won in the 2009 edition in Laos.
She hurled the implement a distance of 55.15m.
Wayne Alan Northrop (April 12, 1947 – November 29, 2024) was an American actor known for his parts in soap operas such as Dynasty and Days of Our Lives.
Wayne Northrop died on November 29th, 2024 in Los Angeles, California of complications from Alzheimer’s Disease.
He was 77 years old.
21 and 23 Bootham is a historic building on Bootham, immediately north of the city centre of York in England.
The building was constructed in the late 17th century, as a house, with an L-shaped plan.
An extension in the 18th century gave it a square plan, then in the 19th century, the ground floor was converted into two shops, the upper windows enlarged, and the front plastered.
Between 1992 and 1993, the building was extended and partly rebuilt.
It has been grade II listed since 1968.
The building is built of brick, that at the front being reused from an earlier structure, and the roofs are pantiled.
It has two storeys and an attic, and is five windows wide.
The original central doorway survives, flanked by 19th-century three-paned windows, while the first floor has sash windows, and there are three dormer windows in the attic.
There are ornated drainpipes at each end.
At the rear there are two bays, the one on the right being taller.
Inside, the two front rooms on the first floor have their original plastered ceilings and wall paintings, a diaper pattern in blue and black.
Historic England states that these are "said to be of good quality and technique and nationally comparatively rare.
Nothing comparable survives in York".
Bako Motors is a Tunisian startup electric car manufacturer, founded in 2021 and based in Tunis, Tunisia.
Company headquarters are registered in Luxembourg.
Production facilities are in Ben Arous/Tunisia and Riyadh/Saudi-Arabia.
Founder and CEO is Boubaker Siala; COO is Khaled Habaieb.
Bako's small vehicles are -mostly- intended for the African market.
The cars are far cheaper than comparable electric mini-cars from e.g.
Bako Motors began making three-wheeled cargo vehicles in 2021 (such as the Bako B1 tricycle), but has since moved to four-wheeled models.
Currently the firm produces two different models.
The B-Van, which can carry 400 kilograms (882 pounds) of cargo and has a 100 to 300-kilometer (62 to 186 mile) range, is designed for logistics and last-mile delivery.
The other is the Bee, a tiny 2-seat car with a 70 to 120-kilometer (44 to 75 mile) range and a max speed of 45 kilometers per hour (27 mph).
It's tailored toward daily, in-city trips.
A third model, the X-Van, is on the drafting board (as of January 2026); it will fit two passengers and have a larger cargo area.
Bako's vehicles have solar panels on their roofs.
While they also still have lithium batteries and can be plugged in and charged at home or on the road, the solar panels give them free access to one of Africa's greatest natural resources — sunshine.So far, the company has made just 100 vehicles but it plans to scale up and increase exports in 2027.
CALO was an artificial intelligence project that attempted to integrate numerous AI technologies into a cognitive assistant.
CALO is an acronym for "Cognitive Assistant that Learns and Organizes".
The name was inspired by the Latin word "Calo" which means "soldier's servant".
The project started in May 2003 and ran for five years, ending in 2008.
The CALO effort has had many major spin-offs, most notably the Siri intelligent software assistant that is now part of the Apple iOS since iOS 5, delivered in several phones and tablets; Social Kinetics, a social application that learned personalized intervention and treatment strategies for chronic disease patients, sold to RedBrick Health; the Trapit project, which is a web scraper and news aggregator that makes intelligent selections of web content based on user preferences; Tempo AI, a smart calendar; Desti, a personalized travel guide; and Kuato Studios, a game development startup.
CALO was funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) under its Personalized Assistant that Learns (PAL) program.
DARPA's five-year contract brought together over 300 researchers from 25 of the top university and commercial research institutions, with the goal of building a new generation of cognitive assistants that can reason, learn from experience, be told what to do, explain what they are doing, reflect on their experience, and respond robustly to surprise.
SRI International was the lead integrator responsible for coordinating the effort to produce an assistant that can live with and learn from its users, provide value to them, and then pass a yearly evaluation that measures how well the system has learned to do its job.
Divergent thinking is a thought process used to generate creative ideas by exploring many possible solutions.
It typically occurs in a spontaneous, free-flowing, "non-linear" manner, such that many ideas are generated in an emergent cognitive fashion.
Many possible solutions are explored in a short amount of time, and unexpected connections are drawn.
Divergent thinking is often contrasted with convergent thinking.
Convergent thinking is the opposite of divergent thinking as it organizes and structures ideas and information, which follows a particular set of logical steps to arrive at one solution, which in some cases is a "correct" solution.
The psychologist J.
Guilford first coined the terms convergent thinking and divergent thinking in 1956.
Gambling Wives is a  1924 American silent melodrama film.
Directed by Dell Henderson and produced by actor-producer Ben F.
Wilson, it was released through Arrow Films.
The film stars Marjorie Daw.
Governor Chittendon may refer to:
Martin Chittenden (1763–1840), 7th Governor of Vermont, son of Thomas Chittenden.
Thomas Chittenden (1730–1797), 1st Governor of Vermont
Highvie Hambulo Hamududu (born 23 March 1970) is a Zambian politician.
He served as Member of the National Assembly for Bweengwa between 2006 and 2016.
Hoveyzeh-ye Jonubi Rural District (Persian: دهستان هویزه جنوبی) is in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan province, Iran.
Its capital is the village of Saidiyeh.
Ibrahim Al Husseini Hamadtou (born 1 July 1973),also known as Ibrahim Elhusseiny Hamadtou, is an Egyptian para table tennis champion, winning several honors over the years, including the silver medals in the African Para Table Tennis Championships in 2011 and 2013.
Hamadtou lost both his arms as the result of a train accident when he was 10.
In an interview with CNN, he said, "In our village, we could only play, at that time, table tennis and soccer – that's why I played both.
It was [logical] to play soccer first due to my case; then I played table tennis as a challenge." It took nearly a year for Hamadtou to learn to play table tennis with the bat in his mouth; he began playing competitively in 2004.
Hamadtou has also won an appreciation award under the 6th Edition of the Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Creative Sports Award for the category of "athlete who achieved success in sports despite major humanitarian challenges (category of people with special needs)" after earning second place and winning the silver medal during the African Para Table Tennis Championships in December 2013.
He represented Egypt in the 2016 and 2020 Summer Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro and Tokyo.
An informal group in taxonomy is a taxonomic rank that is not well defined.
This type of group can be paraphyletic or polyphyletic but is kept for ease, pending new systems of classification.
Jem Alan Cohen (born 1962) is an Afghan-born American filmmaker based in New York City.
Cohen is especially known for his observational portraits of urban landscapes, blending of media formats (sixteen-millimetre, Super 8, videotape) and collaborations with musicians.
He also makes multichannel installations and still photographs and had a photography show at Robert Miller Gallery in 2009.
He is the recipient of the Independent Spirit Award for feature filmmaking, and has received grants from the Guggenheim, Creative Capital, Rockefeller and Alpert foundations, and the National Endowment for the Arts.
Cohen's films have been broadcast internationally, and are in held the collections of the Museum of Modern Art, the Whitney Museum, the National Gallery of Art, and the ACMI in Melbourne.
Khurik (Russian: Хурик; Tabassaran: Хюрикк) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of  Khuriksky Selsoviet, Tabasaransky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia.
Population:  2,530 (2010 census); 2,357 (2002 census); 1,659 (1989 Soviet census).
There are 8 streets.
The Seattle Sounders were an American professional soccer team based in Seattle, Washington, that played in the North American Soccer League (NASL) for ten seasons from 1974 to 1983.
They were the first of three professional soccer teams from Seattle to bear the "Sounders" name; the second incarnation played from 1994 to 2007 in several minor leagues, while the modern Seattle Sounders FC have been in the top-flight Major League Soccer (MLS) since 2009.
The NASL franchise played home matches at Memorial Stadium for two seasons and moved to the new Kingdome, an indoor multipurpose stadium with 60,000 seats, when it opened in 1976.
The NASL's regular season typically began in April or May and ran until August or September with teams primarily playing against opponents from the same division or conference.
The top teams in each division qualified for the playoffs, which were originally single-elimination matches but later changed to two-legged series and later a best-of-three system.
The league's championship, the Soccer Bowl, was a single match hosted at a predetermined venue.
The NASL also used a modified version of the Laws of the Game with rules similar to those used in other American sports despite opposition from FIFA, the global governing body of soccer.
Among the changes were a countdown clock with pauses for stops in play, a relaxed version of the offside rule, and the removal of draws in 1975—teams would instead play 15 minutes of sudden death overtime and proceed to a penalty shootout if still tied.
Under the modified points system, teams earned six points for a win, three for a tie (until 1975), one for a shootout win, and none for a shootout loss.
Up to three additional points were awarded for goals scored in the match.
Seattle was among four West Coast cities which were awarded expansion teams in December 1973 to form the new Western Division.
The 1974 NASL season saw the league expand to 15 teams, of which 8 were making their debut.
The new team were named the "Sounders" in a public contest and played their first match on May 5, 1974, a week before the first win in franchise history—on May 12 against the Denver Dynamos at Memorial Stadium.
After moving to the Kingdome in 1976, the Sounders drew an average of 23,000 or more spectators to their home matches for several seasons—more than that of baseball's Seattle Mariners and basketball's Seattle SuperSonics in the same venue.
The Sounders were part of the Western Division during their ten seasons in the NASL; under the league's conference system, used from 1976 to 1980, Seattle was part of the Pacific Conference and later the National Conference.
The Sounders also played in three of the NASL's indoor soccer seasons, which used six-a-side rosters during the winter offseason.
The Kingdome was reconfigured to have a maximum seating capacity of 16,500 for the indoor seasons.
During their ten full NASL seasons, the Sounders played 278 total matches and had a record of 151 wins, 124 losses, and 3 draws.
The team won their division twice and qualified for the playoffs seven times, but never won a league championship despite making two appearances in the Soccer Bowl.
Seattle lost 2–1 to the New York Cosmos in Soccer Bowl '77, the final competitive match for Brazilian star Pelé.
In a rematch at Soccer Bowl '82, the Sounders lost 1–0 to the Cosmos.
The team finished the 1980 season with 25 wins—an NASL record—and won the 1981 Trans-Atlantic Challenge Cup, an exhibition tournament with invited European teams.
Like other NASL teams, the Sounders did not participate in the U.S.
Open Cup, the national cup competition of the United States.
The Sounders folded after the 1983 season amid financial difficulties, including an estimated $7 million in losses, and disputes between the team's owners.
The NASL itself ceased operations at the end of the next season in 1984 after several years of declining attendance and interest from financial partners.
The "Sounders" name was next used by a minor-league team from 1994 to 2008 before it was adopted by a Seattle expansion team in Major League Soccer, the next top-flight soccer league in the United States, that debuted in the 2009 season.
The Mubarak Mosque (Dutch: Mobarakmoskee) in The Hague is the first purpose-built mosque in the Netherlands.
Its foundation stone was laid by Sir Muhammad Zafarullah Khan on 20 May 1955 who later inaugurated the mosque on 9 December 1955.
Murcof is the performing and recording name of Mexican electronic musician Fernando Corona.
Corona was born in 1970 in Tijuana, Mexico and raised in Ensenada.
He was for a time a member of the Tijuana-based Nortec Collective of electronic musicians under the Terrestre project name.
In 2000, he returned to Tijuana.
Since 2006, Corona has been living in Barcelona, Spain.
Rod Johnson is a Republican politician who served as a member of Nebraska Public Service Commission from 1993 to 2023, and in the Nebraska Legislature from 1983 to 1993.
Romolo Bizzotto (16 February 1925 – 27 March 2017) was an Italian professional football player and coach who played as a midfielder.
He was born in Cerea, Province of Verona.
He represented Italy at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Samuel Awuku (born 10 April 1984) is a Ghanaian politician who was Deputy Communications Director, National Youth Organiser and the National Organiser of the New Patriotic Party (NPP).
He is also the board chairman of the National Youth Employment Agency (YEA).
In 2021, he was appointed as the Director General of the National Lottery Authority.
He is the current Member of parliament for the Akuapem North (Ghana parliament constituency).
Shanghai Mental Health Center (simplified Chinese: 上海市精神卫生中心; traditional Chinese: 上海市精神衛生中心; pinyin: Shànghǎishì Jīngshén Wèishēng Zhōngxīn), also known as Shanghai Psychological Consultative Center, is a psychiatric hospital in Shanghai with over 2100 beds.
It focuses on treating mental disorders.
It was founded in 1935 by MoroccanPrince from The Netherlands, as Puci Rehabilitation Hospital.
It was formerly called Shanghai Psychiatric Hospital.
Since May 2006, the hospital has been affiliated to the School of Medicine of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
The current president is Xiao Zeping.
Umashankar Muljibhai Trivedi (9 July 1904-1984) was a noted lawyer and politician of Bharatiya Jan Sangh.
Umashankar Muljibhai Trivedi was born in a Gujarati family on 9 July 1904 at Village Malvan in Sant State.
He did his early education from Neemuch and graduated from Gujarat College, Ahmadabad.
He did his lawyers degree from Lincoln's Inn.
He was lawyer, barrister,  translator and interpreter at High Court, Yangon.
He was advocate at Supreme Court of India.
He was a member of Indian National Congress till 1951, after which he was one of prominent Jan Sangh leaders.
He was elected to 1st Lok Sabha from Chittor representing Jan Sangh in 1952 defeating strong opponent and former Chief Minister of Rajasthan, Manikya Lal Verma.
He, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee and Durga Charan Banerjee were only three members belonging to Jan Sangh in 1st Lok Sabha.
He was not a member of 2nd Lok Sabha but got elected to 3rd Lok Sabha from Mandsaur in Madhya Pradesh.
He was close associate of Shyama Prasad Mukherjee.
He was with him on his fateful visit to Kashmir along with Babu Ram Narayan Singh, V.
Deshpande others but was not allowed to join him further up.
When Shyama Prasad was detained, he filed a moved a habeas corpus petition in the Kashmir High Court at Srinagar.
The case was heard on 23 June 1953, judgement was to be delivered the next day but before that the news came that Mukherjee died in confinement.
He was active member Sarvadaliya Goraksha Maha-Abhiyan Samiti and was prominent face of demonstrations in 1966 anti-cow slaughter agitation along-with Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
He died in 1984.
The America Zone was one of the three regional zones of the 1953 Davis Cup.
6 teams entered the America Zone, with the winner going on to compete in the Inter-Zonal Zone against the winners of the Eastern Zone and Europe Zone.
The United States defeated Canada in the final and progressed to the Inter-Zonal Zone.
The 2000–01 Scottish Challenge Cup was the tenth season of the competition, which was also known as the Bell's Challenge Cup for sponsorship reasons.
It was competed for by the 30 member clubs of the Scottish Football League.
The defending champions were Alloa Athletic, who defeated Inverness Caledonian Thistle 5–4 on penalties in the 1999 final.
The final was played on 19 November 2000, between Airdrieonians and Livingston at Broadwood Stadium in Cumbernauld.
Airdrieonians won 3–2 on penalties after a 2–2 draw after extra time, to win the tournament for the second time after winning it in 1994.
The action of 17 June 1778 (also known as the fight of Belle Poule and Arethusa) was a single-ship action that took place off the coast of France between British and French frigates.
It was widely celebrated in both France and Great Britain and was the first engagement fought between the two nations during the American Revolutionary War before a formal declaration of war was even announced.
Altobello de Averoldi (died 1 November 1531) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Pula (1497–1531).
Aronia Wilson Tambo (1 July 1959 – 9 January 2024) was a Mexican indigenous defender, artisan and traditional governor who advocated for the preservation, conservation and dissemination of the language, culture and political rights of the Cocapah people.
Beaver Creek is a stream in the U.S.
state of Idaho.
It is a tributary of Rock Creek.
Beaver Creek was named for the abundance of beavers in the creek.
Casterman is a publisher of Franco-Belgian comics, specializing in comic books and children's literature.
The company is based in Tournai, 90 kilometres southwest of the centre of Brussels, Belgium.
The Caucasus field mouse (Apodemus hyrcanicus)  is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
It is found in Talysh region in SE Azerbaijan, northern Iran and possibly SW Turkmenistan.
Give Me All Your Loving or similar may refer to:
"Give Me All Your Loving", a song by Sunforest from Sound of Sunforest
"Give Me All Your Lovin'", a song by 3T from Brotherhood
"Give Me All Your Lovin'", a song by The Fabulous Thunderbirds from Butt Rockin'
"Give Me All Your Luvin'", a song by Madonna
"Gimme All Your Lovin'", a song by ZZ Top
Hemilissa emblema is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.
It was described by Martins in 1976.
Jacqueline Doyen (14 February 1930 – 3 September 2006) was a French actress.
She appeared in 80 films and television shows between 1956 and 1995.
Kraus is a German-language surname, meaning 'curly'.
In addition to German-speaking countries, the surname is commonly found in the United States, Israel, and the Czech Republic (Czech feminine: Krausová).
The following is  a list of episodes for the Disney Channel Original Series, Even Stevens.
The series ran from June 17, 2000, to June 2, 2003 with 65 episodes produced spanning 3 seasons.
Mahmudabad (Persian: محموداباد) is a village in Musaabad Rural District of the Central District of Dehaqan County, Isfahan province, Iran.
The Naga wren-babbler or long-tailed wren-babbler (Spelaeornis chocolatinus) is a bird species in the family Timaliidae.
In India it is found in  Nagaland and Manipur.
Several former subspecies of this bird have now been recognized as good species.
They are: pale-throated wren-babbler (S.
kinneari), Chin Hills wren-babbler (S.
oatesi) and grey-bellied wren-babbler (S.
reptatus).
Together, the group was collectively known as the long-tailed wren-babbler.
The natural habitats of the long-tailed wren-babbler are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Following the splitting of the newly recognized species, the populations remaining in S.
chocolatinus are small enough to warrant uplisting to near threatened status, from the previous IUCN assessment of least concern.
Neoclypeodytes is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae found in North and Central America, containing the following species:
Neoclypeodytes amybethae K.B.Miller, 2001
Neoclypeodytes anasinus K.B.Miller, 2001
Neoclypeodytes astrapus K.B.Miller, 2001
Neoclypeodytes balkei Scheers & Hajek, 2020
Neoclypeodytes challeti K.B.Miller, 2001
Neoclypeodytes cinctellus (LeConte, 1852)
Neoclypeodytes curtulus (Sharp, 1887)
Neoclypeodytes discedens (Sharp, 1882)
Neoclypeodytes discretus (Sharp, 1882)
Neoclypeodytes edithae K.B.Miller, 2001
Neoclypeodytes fortunensis Scheers & Hajek, 2020
Neoclypeodytes fryii (Clark, 1862)
Neoclypeodytes haroldi K.B.Miller, 2001
Neoclypeodytes latifrons (Sharp, 1882)
Neoclypeodytes leachi (Leech, 1948)
Neoclypeodytes luctuosus (Guignot, 1949)
Neoclypeodytes lynceus (Sharp, 1882)
Neoclypeodytes megalus K.B.Miller, 2001
Neoclypeodytes moroni Arce-Pérez & Novelo-Gutiérrez, 2015
Neoclypeodytes nanus K.B.Miller, 2001
Neoclypeodytes obesus (Sharp, 1882)
Neoclypeodytes ornatellus (Fall, 1917)
Neoclypeodytes pictodes (Sharp, 1882)
Neoclypeodytes plicipennis (Crotch, 1873)
Neoclypeodytes quadrinotatus (Sharp, 1882)
Neoclypeodytes quadripustulatus (Fall, 1917)
Neoclypeodytes roughleyi K.B.Miller, 2001
Neoclypeodytes similis K.B.Miller, 2001
Neoclypeodytes tumulus K.B.Miller, 2001
The Oeffag C.I was a military reconnaissance aircraft produced in Austria-Hungary during World War I.
The posterior cerebral artery (PCA) is one of a pair of cerebral arteries that supply oxygenated blood to the occipital lobe, as well as the medial and inferior aspects of the temporal lobe of the human brain.
The two arteries originate from the distal end of the basilar artery, where it bifurcates into the left and right posterior cerebral arteries.
These anastomose with the middle cerebral arteries and internal carotid arteries via the posterior communicating arteries.
The rear naked choke (RNC), is a chokehold in martial arts applied from an opponent's back.
The word naked in this context refers to the fact that this hold does not involve the use of a keikogi ("gi") or training uniform.
The technique is also known as hadaka jime (裸絞, "naked choke") in Japanese martial arts and mata leão ("lion killer") in Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
The choke has two variations: in one version, the attacker's arm encircles the opponent's neck and then grabs their biceps/shoulder on the other arm (see below for details); in the second version, the attacker clasps their hands together instead after encircling the opponent's neck.
Recent studies have shown that the rear-naked choke takes an average of 8.9 seconds to render an opponent unconscious, regardless of the grip that is used.
Shiraza Dogri (Dogri: शीराज़ा डोगरी or شیرازه ڈوگری) is a bimonthly Dogri-language literary magazine from Jammu and Kashmir that is published by the Jammu and Kashmir Academy of Art, Culture and Languages.
Its publication began in 1964 as a biannual periodical, but the frequency increased to quarterly in 1970 and bimonthly in 1979.
It is published in language Urdu also.
Andrew de Durisdeer [Durisdere] (possibly Andrew Muirhead; died 20 November 1473) was a 15th-century bishop of Glasgow.
The geographical appellation "de Durisdeer" indicates that he came from Durisdeer in Galloway.
Durisdeer is often taken as an Anglo-Latin corruption of dorus doire, entrance to the wood or thicket; but the word dair is also an old Gaelic word for an oakwood, and this is probably why de Durisdeer had acorns on his seal.
This is also an indication that Muirhead may very well have been his surname; other prominent Muirheads of the period also had acorns on their seals.
De Durisdeer obtained a Bachelor's degree at the University of St Andrews, and in 1437 was admitted into the University of Paris, gaining a licentiate upon graduation in 1438.
As a subdean of the diocese of Glasgow he had a close relationship with Bishop William Turnbull.
By 1450, de Durisdeer was a dean of the diocese of Aberdeen, and in the period 1451–1453 he effectively became the ambassador of King James II of Scotland to the papal court.
De Durisdeer was highly thought of by Pope Nicholas V.
On 7 May 1455, Pope Calixtus III personally provided Andrew to the bishopric of Glasgow, despite not yet having risen to the rank of sub-deacon.
His provision followed the death of William Turnbull on 2 September 1454.
He was consecrated sometime between September 1455 and May 1456.
De Durisdeer was an active player in the national governmental scene, attending the parliaments of 1464, 1467, 1468, 1469 and 1471.
After the death of James II in 1460, he was appointed as one of the seven people on the Council of the Regency.
He also played a role as an ambassador, visiting England in 1463 to negotiate the Treaty of York and travelling to Denmark in 1468 to arrange a marriage between the young King James III and Margaret of Denmark.
De Durisdeer died on 20 November 1473.
Bar Island (previously called Goville Island) is an uninhabited island located near Berowra Waters in the Hawkesbury River on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia.
The island is located near Bar Point and is part of the Hornsby Shire local government area.
The name Bar Island may refer to the submerged sandbar which separates the north of the island from the mainland.
Barnaby Evans (born 1953) is an American artist who works in many media including site-specific sculpture installations, photography, film, garden design, architectural projects, writing and conceptual works.
Evans is known for WaterFire, a sculpture that he installed on the three rivers of downtown Providence, Rhode Island.
"Down by the Glenside" (Roud 9266, also known as "The Bold Fenian Men") is an Irish rebel song written by Peadar Kearney, an Irish Republican and composer of numerous rebel songs, including "The Soldier's Song" ("Amhrán na bhFiann"), now the Irish national anthem, and "The Tri-coloured Ribbon".
Kearney was a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood, popularly known as the Fenians.
He wrote the song at about the time of the 1916 Rising, referring back to the earlier Fenian Rising of 1867.
It evokes the memory of the freedom-fighters of the previous generation (strong, manly forms...eyes with hope gleaming), as recalled by an old woman down by the glenside.
It is effectively a call to arms for a generation of Irishmen accustomed to political nationalism.
Frederick Lander "Dupee" Shaw (May 31, 1859 – January 12, 1938), also sometimes known as "Wizard," was a professional baseball player from 1883 to 1896.
The left-handed pitcher played Major League Baseball for six seasons with the Detroit Wolverines (1883–1884), Boston Reds (1884), Providence Grays (1885) and Washington Nationals (1886–1888).
Shaw won 30 games in 1884 and 23 in 1885, but never won more than 13 games in any other season.
He lost 33 games in 1884 and 31 in 1886.
He had a career mark of 83–121 with a 3.10 earned run average (ERA).
Shaw claimed to have been the first pitcher to use a wind-up before throwing the ball.
Some attributed his ability to strikeout batters to his unusual windmill delivery.
He once struck out the great slugger, Orator Shafer, five times in a single game, and in 1884, he struck out 451 batters, a total that remains the fourth highest total in major league history.
He held the major league record for the most strikeouts in a game by a losing pitcher (18), until Steve Carlton struck out 19 New York Mets in a losing effort on September 15, 1969.
He also pitched a no-hitter on October 7, 1885, though the game has not qualified as an official no-hitter since 1991 because it lasted only five innings.
Gilcimar may refer to:
Guardians of the Lost Code (Spanish: Brijes 3D) is a 2010 animated adventure film, created by Ricardo González Duprat, distributed by Videocine.
"Invalid Litter Dept." is a song by American rock band At the Drive-In, released in 2001 as the third single from the album Relationship of Command.
The CD release in March 2001 came in a variety of international formats, including the standard two CDs in the United Kingdom.
The Australian release included the UK B-sides from the two CD releases.
"Invalid Litter Dept." is the band's highest charting single in the UK, peaking at No.
50 on the UK Singles Chart and No.
47 on the Scottish Singles Chart.
The song's lyrics and music video deal with the Juárez femicides, a series of rapes and murders in Ciudad Juárez, Mexico, of young women who worked in factories called maquiladoras.
Juárez is located just across the U.S.-Mexican border from El Paso, Texas, At the Drive-In's home town.
The song explicitly criticizes the federales, or the Mexican Federal Police, for their lack of response to these cases.
"Lamacq version" tracks originally broadcast on BBC Radio 1's The Evening Session with Steve Lamacq, week beginning 11 September 2000, and produced/mixed by Simon Askew.
Spokane Zephyr FC is an American professional women's soccer club which began play in the inaugural season of the USL Super League.
All players who have made a competitive appearance for Spokane Zephyr FC are listed below.
Other Voices is an international music television series, festival, and tourism event that celebrates local culture on a global scale.
Since 2001, for over two decades, Other Voices has brought musicians and artists from across the world to Dingle, West Kerry.
What began as an intimate gathering in 2001 has grown into a three-day festival of music, song and storytelling across more than 20 venues.
Today, it is an established fixture in the Irish and international music calendar and a 'must attend' event for performers and audiences alike.
Over the years, Other Voices has also travelled from its home base in West Kerry to Austin, London, Belfast, Ballina, New York, Derry, Cardigan in Wales and Berlin, enriching the cultural life of every destination it visits.
Other Voices broadcasts on Irish public service broadcaster RTÉ and is available worldwide on the RTÉ player.
Past performers at Other Voices include: Hozier, Amy Winehouse, Ellie Goulding, Mumford & Sons, St.
Vincent, The xx, The National, The Murder Capital, Little Simz, Sigrid, Willie Nelson, Conor Oberst, Florence + The Machine, Gregory Porter, Jessie Ware, Sinéad O’Connor, Laura Marling, Arlo Parks, Sam Fender, Christy Moore, Super Furry Animals, Jarvis Cocker, Laura Mvula, Snow Patrol, Villagers, Fontaines D.C., Lisa Hannigan, The Gloaming, Lankum, Gilla Band, Rufus Wainwright & Dermot Kennedy.
The filming for the series takes place annually in St.
James' Church, Dingle, which holds only 80 guests who experience performances in an intimate setting.
Tickets are given away through competitions and cannot be purchased.
Performances are also streamed into venues around Dingle town including Benners Hotel, Paul Geaney's Bar, Marina Inn, John Bennys Pub, Nellie Fred's, McCarthys Bar, Barr na Sráide, O'Sullivans, Courthouse Pub, Foxy John's, Neligan's Bar, and The Dingle Pub.
The show (previously called Other Voices: Songs from a Room) first aired in 2003.
It is regarded as Ireland's leading live music series, focusing mainly on alternative music from both Irish and international artists.
Each December, over three days, a season is filmed in Dingle, County Kerry, during the Other Voices Music Festival.
Since 2001, the festival has also held satellite events across the world in New York, Berlin, Austin and Wales.
In 2020, in response to the global pandemic, Other Voices launched its Courage live stream series featuring artists including Lisa Hannigan, Glen Hansard and James Vincent McMorrow.
In December 2020, it staged its annual Dingle edition as a five-day digital festival called Bringing It All Back Home, which showcased acts including Hozier, Damien Dempsey and Pillow Queens.
In the same month, Other Voices: Home at the Guinness Storehouse was held in Dublin City with performances from Villagers, The Murder Capital, Denise Chaila and The Mary Wallopers.
Subsequent years have continued with hybrid and live events, re-establishing the festival’s prominence in Ireland and abroad.
The Portsmouth Compact was a document signed on March 7, 1638 that established the settlement of Portsmouth, which is now a town in the state of Rhode Island.
"Rimmerworld" is the fifth episode of science fiction sit-com Red Dwarf Series VI and the 35th in the series run.
It was first broadcast on the British television channel BBC2 on 4 November 1993, was written by Rob Grant & Doug Naylor and was directed by Andy de Emmony.
The Rio Preto State Park (Portuguese: Parque Estadual do Rio Preto) is a state park in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.
It protects a mountainous area of cerrado vegetation that is home to various endemic, rare or endangered species.
Trails provide environmental interpretation, and lead to lookouts that give panoramic views, to rivers and waterfalls, and to archaeological sites with rock paintings.
Rosamund Clifford (possibly before 1140 – c.
1176), often called "The Fair Rosamund" or "Rose of the World" (Latin: rosa mundi), was a medieval English noblewoman and mistress of Henry II, King of England.
She became famous in English folklore.
Spencer Gray is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Darren John Langford.
The character first appeared on screen in December 2008.
He initially appeared as the foster brother of Warren Fox, turning up after the death of his mother.
He is noted for his learning disability and his having a condition which gave him a mental age of a human in preadolescence.
The character was axed by Paul Marquess.
The Men's EAD 50 metre freestyle event at the 2002 Commonwealth Games was held on 1 August at the Manchester Aquatics Centre.
Tamask or Tamesk (Persian: تمسك) may refer to:
Tamesk, Amol
Tamask, Dabudasht, Amol County
Tomoaki Sato may refer to:
Tomoaki Sato (baseball, born 1968) (佐藤 友昭), Japanese baseball player
Tomoaki Satoh (baseball, born 1978) (佐藤 友亮), Japanese baseball player
Tong Sheung Tsuen (Chinese: 塘上村) is a village in Lam Tsuen, Tai Po District, Hong Kong.
The West Polesia Transboundary Biosphere Reserve (Ukrainian: Західне Полісся; Russian: Западное Полесье) is a transboundary nature reserve in Polesia, located in Poland, Ukraine, and Belarus.
It is designated as an area of global importance under UNESCO's World Network of Biosphere Reserves under their Programme on Man and the Biosphere.
The reserve was established in 2012 when the Shatskiy Biosphere Reserve in Ukraine, Polesian National Park in Poland, and Pribuzhskoye Polesia Biosphere Reserve in Belarus were combined to create a UNESCO-certified biosphere reserve.
The former Shatskiy Biosphere Reserve, established by UNESCO in 2002, was absorbed into this new reserve and renamed.
The region's administrative offices are located in the Polesian National Park in Poland, the Shatskyi National Nature Park in Ukraine, and the Pribuzskoye Polesia in Belarus.
The 1954–55 Texas Tech Red Raiders men's basketball team represented Texas Tech University in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association during the 1954–55 NCAA men's basketball season.
The head coach was Polk Robison, his 8th year with the team.
The 2009–10 season was the first season under new coach Mario Been.
The former Feyenoord striker was manager of NEC, and has been assistant-coach of Bert van Marwijk at Feyenoord in the past.
Feyenoord welcomed five new players: Dani Fernández joined on a free transfer from NEC; Sekou Cissé signed a four-year deal after his transfer from Roda JC, Kamohelo Mokotjo came over from SuperSport United; and loan agreements were made with Borac Čačak for Aleksandar Ignjatović and with Nantes for Stefan Babović.
Cappella Sistina may refer to:
The Sistine Chapel in the Vatican Palace
The Sistine Chapel Choir, sometimes called the Cappella Musicale Pontificia Sistina
The Cappella Sistina in the church of Santa Maria Maggiore, Rome
Cerro Trono Blanco is a mountain in the Magallanes Region of Chile.
Chionodes cacoderma is a moth in the family Gelechiidae.
It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
The wingspan is 16–21 mm.
The forewings are tawny fuscous, intermingled with pale brownish ochreous and blotched with brownish fuscous, the markings being scarcely distinguishable in the somewhat rough and mixed scaling.
The darker blotching apparently coincides with a medio-plical spot, a discal spot beyond it, and
another at the end of the cell, and forms a costal spot at one-fourth, another at three-fifths, and an apical shade preceded by an ill-defined transverse pale band.
The hindwings are bronzy brownish.
A commemorative plaque, or simply plaque, or in other places referred to as a historical marker, historic marker, or historic plaque, is a plate of metal, ceramic, stone, wood, or other material, bearing text or an image in relief, or both, to commemorate one or more persons, an event, a former use of the place, or some other thing.
Most  such plaques are attached to a wall, stone, or other vertical surface.
Many modern plaques and markers are used to associate the location where the plaque or marker is installed with the person, event, or item commemorated as a place worthy of visit.
A monumental plaque or tablet commemorating a deceased person or persons, can be a simple form of church monument.
Most modern plaques affixed in this way are commemorative of something, but not all.
In recent years,  There are also purely religious plaques, and some signify ownership or affiliation of some sort.
A plaquette is a small plaque, but in English, unlike many European languages, the term is not typically used for outdoor plaques fixed to walls.
In the early 21st century many memorials include a QR code.
Scan2Remember offers QR memorial plaques that link to digital memorial pages,  They show photographs, videos, and stories about the deceased when scanning the QR code with a smartphone.
This offers an interactive way to remember.
Gerey-Shoron is a village in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan.
It is part of the Nookat District.
Its population was 3,326 in 2021.
Hellabuster is the second studio album by the band Box Codax, released in the United Kingdom on 10 May 2011.
In the first full-length release since their album Only An Orchard Away in 2006, Box Codax tell the peculiar and young life of Hellabuster in 13 episodes, with each song being accompanied by its own video.
Holy Terror is a 2011 graphic novel by Frank Miller which follows a costumed vigilante named The Fixer as he battles Islamic terrorists after an attack on Empire City.
The graphic novel was originally proposed as a Batman story for DC Comics, titled Holy Terror, Batman!, but was reworked along the way to feature a character of Miller's creation instead, and published by another company.
Jaheim Mena (born 23 February 2006) is a Belizean association footballer who currently plays for Oaxaca of Mexico’s Liga de Expansión MX and the Belize national team.
Smith, Q.C.
(1934–2000) spent 31 years in the public service of British Columbia.
Born in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1934, Mel Smith graduated from UBC with Commerce and Law degrees.
In 1960, Smith was called to the Bar of British Columbia.
He became a B.C.
public servant and served for 31 years.
He was the ranking official on constitutional law and reform issues for four successive provincial administrations from 1967 to 1987.
A key player in the patriation of the Constitution in 1981, Smith was also a leader in the "NO" campaign on the Charlottetown Accord.
After retiring from government in 1991, he spent his time as a consultant, commentator and columnist for BC Report, and lecturer at Trinity Western University.
He authored the best-selling book "Our Home or Native Land?", among many other publications and essays.
Mel believed Canadians are on the threshold of achieving greater opportunity for a stronger and more balanced Canada, and felt that Canadians, as a nation, must recommit themselves to the transcendent values of hard work, loyalty, honesty, and integrity.
Minami-Gōchi Station (南河内駅, Minami-Gōchi-eki) is a train station on the Seiryū Line in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan and is operated by Nishikigawa Railway.
Myrnohrad urban hromada (Ukrainian: Мирноградська міська громада) is a hromada of Ukraine, located in Pokrovsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast.
Its administrative center is the city Myrnohrad.
It has an area of 66.7 square kilometres (25.8 mi2) and a population of 48,894, as of 2020.
The hromada contains 5 settlements: 1 city (Myrnohrad) and 4 villages:
Peeler Lake is a California landform within the Toiyabe National Forest and on the west edge of the Hoover Wilderness.
One of the few bodies of water on the Great Basin Divide, Peeler Lake's inflow is sufficient for outlet streams over 2 Sierra Crest sills of similar elevation to respectively drain westward to the Pacific Ocean (Rancheria Creek, Tuolumne & San Joaquin Rivers, and Suisun & San Francisco Bays) and eastward into the Great Basin (Robinson Creek, East Walker & Walker Rivers, Walker Lake sink).
Peeler Lake's saddle area is a mountain pass between the west Sierra slope (Tuolumne County) and the Sierra Escarpment (Mono County) to the east, and the lake level of 9,488 ft (2,892 m) is over 1,000 ft (300 m) below the summits of Cirque Mountain (north) and Crown Point (south).
The namesake Peeler Lake Trail of 1.5 mi (2.4 km) from the east reaches the lake from the Robinson Creek Trailhead Archived 2014-09-04 at the Wayback Machine parking at the west side of Twin Lakes (formerly Mono Village), and the Bridgeport Ranger Station issues overnight permits for the backcountry area of the lake.
Peeler Lake was named in 1925 for Barney Peeler (1833–1920) of nearby Bridgeport (as was Barney Lake downstream to the east), and the lake was added to the Geographic Names Information System in 2000.
In 2006, an environmental evaluation of the lake concluded "the nitrate concentration of 17 μeq/L to be too high to come from atmospheric deposition alone."
Port Sanilac is a village in Sanilac Township, Sanilac County in the U.S.
state of Michigan.
The population was 567 at the 2020 census.
Profenusa pygmaea  is a Palearctic species of  sawfly.
The Reeves-Melson House is a historic house in rural Montgomery County, Arkansas.
It is a private inholding within Ouachita National Forest, located on the east side of Miles Road, north of Bonnerdale and east of Alamo.
It is a single story dogtrot, with a log pen and a wooden frame pen separated by a breezeway under a gable roof.
A shed-roof porch extends across the front, and the building is clad in weatherboard.
The log pen has a trapdoor providing access to a dugout cellar, a feature not typically found in regional dogtrot houses.
The log pen was built in 1882 by William Reeves, and the frame pen was built in 1888 by Larkin Melson.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Sandra Choat is a former England women's international footballer.
Choat's greatest achievement in her club career was winning the 1977 WFA Cup Final with QPR.
The Saskatoon Electrical System Substation is a municipal designated historic building located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
The property contains a two-story building in a Modern Classical style, made of No.
2 Redcliff, Light Claybank and Tee Pee Mocha brick construction.
The building was constructed in 1929 by Saskatoon Light & Power along with two other such stations to meet the growing electrical demand of the city.It was declared a heritage site on December 4, 2000; and renovated into offices in the 1990s.The building now houses the offices of the architectural firm of Kindrachuk Agrey Architects.
Sophie Caroline of Brandenburg-Kulmbach (31 March 1705 – 7 June 1764) was a princess consort of Ostfriesland as the spouse of Prince George Albert of East Frisia (1690–1734).
California is a seaside village in the parish of Ormesby St Margaret with Scratby in the Borough of Great Yarmouth in Norfolk, England.
It is 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Great Yarmouth and forms part of the wider Great Yarmouth Urban Area.
The village is adjacent to the village of Scratby to the north and 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Caister-on-Sea.
It is on the North Sea coast.
City of Lost Souls may refer to:
The City of Lost Souls, a 2000 Japanese action film
City of Lost Souls (1983 film), a German musical film
City of Lost Souls (novel), a 2012 novel by Cassandra Clare
David Stewart Jenkinson FRS (25 February 1928 – 16 February 2011) was a soil scientist whose career was based at Rothamsted Research, Harpenden, UK.
His first role in soil science was a three-year assistant lectureship in the Department of Agricultural Chemistry at the University of Reading.
His research at Rothamsted included the development of a method to measure the organic carbon content of soil microorganisms, the development of a computer model for soil organic carbon turnover ('Rothamsted Carbon Model'), and work with nitrogen-15 isotope for investigating the efficiency of nitrogen fertilizer.
He was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1991, and was made an Honorary Member of the Soil Science Society of America in 1995.
The Draytons Two were a popular Barbadian spouge band of the 1970s known for their own and unique style of syncretic spouge, the raw spouge.
Raw Spouge is also the title of their first studio album published through the Jamaican record label WIRL in 1973.
Group Captain Frank Howard Kirby,  (12 November 1871 – 8 July 1956) was a British military officer and a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Fuse is an American television channel owned by Fuse Media, LLC, that was originally launched in 1994 as MuchMusic USA, a localized version of the Canadian cable channel MuchMusic, owned by CHUM Limited which was also the parent company of Citytv in Toronto and was dedicated to music-based programming; the channel relaunched under its current branding in 2003.
Fuse was acquired by SiTV Media in 2014 and, after merging with the Latino-oriented NuvoTV in 2015, would shift its focus to general entertainment and lifestyle programming targeting multicultural young adults.
By February 2015, Fuse was available to approximately 71,491,000 pay television households (61.4% of households with television) in the United States.
With a number of cable operators discontinuing their carriage in the years since, the channel currently has an availability of around 34 million pay television households as of 2022.
GNRC (formerly known as Guwahati Neurological Research Centre) is a healthcare Centre in North East India.
It was established in 1987 by neurologist Dr.
Nomal Chandra Borah.
At present, it operates 5 hospitals – GNRC Dispur, GNRC Sixmile, GNRC Medical (Amingaon), GNRC North Guwahati and GNRC Medical Barasat in Kolkata under GNRC Community Hospitals Limited, formed in 2001.
Gündüzlü can refer to:
Gündüzlü, İnegöl
Gündüzlü, Kozluk
Henry Robinson Locke (1867 – August 22, 1927) was an American photographer in the 19th and 20th century who photographed the Wild West.
He ran a studio in Deadwood, South Dakota.
He photographed the Black Hills area, Deadwood, Crow Indians, farmers, miners, railroads, but also Calamity Jane (1885) and the Little Big Horn battlefield (1894).
Igor Cherdakov (born 3 October 1955) is a Russian former swimmer.
He competed in the men's 200 metre breaststroke at the 1972 Summer Olympics for the Soviet Union.
"It's Not Unusual" is a song written by Les Reed and Gordon Mills, first recorded by Tom Jones.
It's Not Unusual may also refer to:
It's Not Unusual, US edition of Tom Jones album Along Came Jones
It's Not Unusual (Dread Zeppelin album)
Kōzu Station is the name of multiple train stations in Japan.
Kōzu Station (Kanagawa) (国府津駅) in Odawara, Kanagawa Prefecture
Kōzu Station (Osaka) (郡津駅) in Hirakata, Osaka Prefecture
Iga-Kōzu Station (伊賀上津駅) in Iga, Mie Prefecture
"Landslide of Love" was the third single to be taken from English pop rock band Transvision Vamp's second album, Velveteen (1989).
It was a top-20 UK hit in 1989, spending five weeks on the UK singles chart and peaking at number 14.
New Kru Town is a northwestern coastal suburb of Monrovia, Liberia.
Nizamlar is a village in Devrek District, Zonguldak Province, Turkey.
Its population is 288 (2022).
Rudolf Carl Franz Otto Pfeiffer (20 September 1889 – 5 May 1979) was a German classical philologist.
He is known today primarily for his landmark, two-volume edition of Callimachus and the two volumes of his History of Classical Scholarship, in addition to numerous articles and lectures related to these projects and to the fragmentary satyr plays of Aeschylus and Sophocles.
In multilinear algebra, a reshaping of tensors is any bijection between the set of indices of an order-
{\displaystyle M}
tensor and the set of indices of an order-
{\displaystyle L}
tensor, where
{\displaystyle L<M}
The use of indices presupposes tensors in coordinate representation with respect to a basis.
The coordinate representation of a tensor can be regarded as a multi-dimensional array, and a bijection from one set of indices to another therefore amounts to a rearrangement of the array elements into an array of a different shape.
Such a rearrangement constitutes a particular kind of linear map between the vector space of order-
tensors and the vector space of order-
Torch Song is a 1953 American Technicolor musical drama film distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and starring Joan Crawford and Michael Wilding in a story about a Broadway star and her blind rehearsal pianist.
The screenplay by John Michael Hayes and Jan Lustig was based upon the story "Why Should I Cry?" by I.A.R.
Wylie in a 1949 issue of The Saturday Evening Post.
The film was directed by Charles Walters and produced by Sidney Franklin, Jr.
and Henry Berman.
Crawford's singing voice was dubbed by India Adams.
Crawford lip-syncs to the recording Adams originally made for Cyd Charisse in a number discarded from the 1953 film, The Band Wagon.
That's Entertainment III includes a segment presenting the two numbers side-by-side, in split screen.
The film marked Crawford's return to MGM after leaving the studio to join Warner Bros.
Her original recordings for the soundtrack, which were not used in the film, have survived and have been included in home video releases.
Vainiūnai (formerly Russian: Войнюны) is a village in Kėdainiai district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania.
According to the 2011 census, the village had a population of 14 people.
It is located 4.5 kilometres (2.8 mi) from Beinaičiai, by the Lankesa river and the Bubliai Reservoir.
The road Šėta-Nociūnai goes nearby.
There is a water tower and a farm.
Women's football in Belgium is recorded at least as early as 1926, when the Belgium women's national football team played an annual series of matches against France, from 1926 until 1932.
These were organized with the FSFSF.
Belgium's only win was in the 1927 match in Paris, 2–1.
The last game in this series was played in Brussels on 3 April 1932 and ended 0–0.
The 14th National Spelling Bee was held at the National Museum in Washington, D.C., on May 31, 1938.
Scripps-Howard would not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The winner was 12-year-old Marian Richardson, who attended a one-room schoolhouse in Floyd County, Indiana, correctly spelling the word sanitarium.
Jean Pierce of Kenmore, New York placed second after failing to correctly spell pronunciation.
Winner Marian Richardson, later Byrnes, became an environmental activist in Chicago, and died on May 20, 2010.
The 1903–04 West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team represented the University of West Virginia during the 1903–04 college men's basketball season.
The team captain was Otis Cole.
The Mountaineers finished with an overall record of 4–3.
Bradpole is a village in the civil parish of Bridport, in south west Dorset, England, in the Brit valley, 1 mile (1.6 km) outside Bridport.
In the 2011 census the population of the parish was 2,339.
In 1651 Charles II passed through Bradpole in his efforts to evade capture after he failed to sail to France from Charmouth following his defeat at the Battle of Worcester.
An inscribed stone in the south of the parish, where Lee Lane meets the A35 trunk road between Bridport and Dorchester, marks the place where he took a turning off the main road to escape from his pursuers.
Bradpole is the birthplace of industrialist and Liberal Party politician William Edward Forster (1818–1886), who was instrumental in bringing through the 1870 Elementary Education Act.
He is commemorated by the village Memorial Hall.
The parish church was built in 1845, following two previous buildings on the same site.
Its communion cup dates from the 16th century.
A chapel of ease, St Andrew's, was built in 1858-60 and is now redundant.
The civil parish and parish council were abolished with effect from 1 April 2024, with the parish area taken into Bridport, part also went to Symondsbury.
Carmen Martínez Sierra (3 May 1904 – 6 November 2012) was a Spanish actress.
She started working in the theater at age 16.
Her first years as actress elapsed on stages in operas such as Tosca (1952), Madame Butterfly (1953) or La canción del amor mío (1958).
She died in Madrid, Spain on 6 November 2012, aged 108.
Daniella Isamit Morales (born 1982) is a Chilean–Venezuelan artist, musician, and DJ who was born in Caracas, Venezuela.
Morales' work has been shown at Pulse Miami Contemporary Art Fair and Lucie Fontaine Gallery/art employer in Milan.
Drimiopsis maculata, also known by the common names little white soldiers, African false hosta, leopard's ears, African hosta, leopard plant, and Injoba is a flowering plant species in the genus Drimiopsis.
It is the type species of its genus.
It occurs from Tanzania to South Africa.
Scillascillin-type homoisoflavanones can be isolated from D.
Easy Red 2 is a tactical shooter indie video game set during World War II combining both first-person shooter and third-person shooter mechanics developed by Italian indie developer Marco Amadei published by the Italian indie studio Corvostudio di Amadei Marco.
It is the second game in the Easy Red series.
It was released for Microsoft Windows and Linux on 10 November 2020, released for Steam on 6 January 2022 and later releases on multiple console platforms.
The game combines first-person and third-person shooter mechanics with large-scale battlefield gameplay and features infantry, artillery, ground vehicles, and aircraft combat.
Players fight in iconic battles of the Western, North African, Eastern, Pacific, Italian fronts of World War II at the squad level.
#Female Pleasure is a 2018 Swiss and German documentary film directed by Swiss director Barbara Miller.
The film explores female sexuality in the 21st century around the globe.
Islamic military jurisprudence refers to what has been accepted in Sharia (Islamic law) and Fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) by Ulama (Islamic scholars) as the correct Islamic manner, expected to be obeyed by Muslims, in times of war.
Some scholars and Muslim religious figures describe armed struggle based on Islamic principles as the lesser jihad.
James Anderson King (December 4, 1832 – October 16, 1899) was a ship's master who became a politician of the Republic of Hawaii.
Fort Worth neighborhood profile data
Lychee ( LIE-chee, US also  LEE-chee; Litchi chinensis; Chinese: 荔枝; pinyin: lìzhī; Jyutping: lai6 zi1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: nāi-chi) is a monotypic taxon and the sole member in the genus Litchi in the soapberry family, Sapindaceae.
The fruit is edible and has a sweet, mildly tart flavor and a distinctive floral aroma often described as rose-like.
There are three distinct subspecies of lychee.
The most common is the Indochinese lychee found in South China, Malaysia, and northern Vietnam.
The other two are the Philippine lychee (locally called alupag or matamata) found only in the Philippines and the Javanese lychee cultivated in Indonesia and Malaysia.
The tree has been introduced throughout Southeast Asia and South Asia.
Cultivation in China is documented from the 11th century.
China is the main producer of lychees, followed by India, Vietnam, other countries in Southeast Asia, other countries in South Asia, Madagascar, and South Africa.
A tall evergreen tree, it bears small fleshy sweet fruits.
The outside of the fruit is a pink-red, rough-textured soft shell.
Lychee seeds contain methylene cyclopropyl glycine which has caused hypoglycemia associated with outbreaks of encephalopathy in undernourished Indian and Vietnamese children who consumed lychee fruit.
Mark Yale Harris (born 1936) is an American sculptor, and a former businessperson.
He is working primarily in stone and bronze for his art.
Beginning his professional life in the business sector, in 1972 Harris co-founded and was executive vice president of Red Roof Inns.
In 1991, he founded AmeriSuites Hotels, where he served as CEO.
He lives and works in the Roaring Fork Valley region of Colorado.
One Dollar For Life, or otherwise known as ODFL is an IRS Registered 501(c)3 non-profit organization founded to address third world poverty on the premise of collecting one dollar from each of millions of US high school students and then channeling those funds into small-scale infrastructure projects in developing countries.
It was founded in 2006 at Los Altos High School in the San Francisco Bay Area by history and economics teacher Robert Freeman and science teacher Lisa Cardellini.
ODFL works with qualified Non Governmental Organizations (NGOs) in the developing world to fund and implement such projects as schools, water wells, irrigation systems, sanitary waste disposal, vaccinations, and other simple, low cost projects.
These projects have the potential to dramatically improve the capacity for self-sustenance for tens of millions of people.
Phyllophaga opaca is a species of scarab beetle in the family Scarabaeidae.
It is found in Central America and North America.
Raymond Eddie Sagapolutele (born 1971) is a New Zealand photographer and visual artist of Samoan descent.
Ann's Anglican Church is a church in Belmopan, Cayo District, Belize.
It is located on Unity Boulevard.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, St.
Ann's suspended in-person services.
The Neighbors Dog is a Canadian music performance television series, which premiered on SCN in 2009.
Created by Darryl Kessler and John Mills of Plan 9 Films, the series featured musicians performing private house concerts in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
The show aired three seasons before SCN was acquired by Rogers Sports & Media and rebranded as Citytv Saskatchewan, and returned for one further season as a Citytv program.
In the Citytv season, the show's length expanded from a half-hour to a full hour, with the format transitioning from an entirely performance-based show to one that mixed both performance clips and interview segments.
Kessler received a Canadian Screen Award nomination for Best Photography in a Variety or Sketch Comedy Program or Series at the 3rd Canadian Screen Awards in 2015, for the fourth season episode featuring Daniel Romano.
The Problem with Apu is a 2017 American documentary film written by and starring comedian Hari Kondabolu and produced and directed by Michael Melamedoff.
It focuses on the character Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, an Indian immigrant in the animated sitcom The Simpsons who, for a period, was the only figure of Indian heritage to appear regularly on mainstream American television.
The film explores encounters with negative stereotypes, minstrelsy, racial microaggressions, and slurs against people of Indian and South Asian heritage.
"Valentine Kiss" (バレンタイン・キッス, Barentain Kissu) is the solo debut J-pop single from Sayuri Kokushō (though it was billed on the cover as "Sayuri Kokushō with Onyanko Club") released on February 1, 1986, by CBS Sony in Japan.
Kokushō was the eighth member of Onyanko Club.
The B-side song was "Koi wa Ring Ring Ring" (恋はRing Ring Ring).
The single ranked at number 2 on the Oricon charts, and was rated fourth most popular on music program The Best Ten on TBS.
It was also awarded the Japan Gold Disc Award for Best Single of the Year.
While the title of the song is "Valentine Kiss", due to the often repeated chorus line of "Valentine Day kiss", the song is often called "Valentine Day Kiss".
"Valentine Kiss" was reproduced by Kokushō and resold in 2008 by Sony Music Direct.
This remake reached number 135 on the Oricon charts.
"A Love Song" is a song written by Kenny Loggins and Dona Lyn George, first released by the folk-rock duo Loggins and Messina in 1973 on their album Full Sail.
Country artist Anne Murray (who had taken her recording of another Loggins & Messina recording, "Danny's Song", to the top-ten in late 1972) covered the song later that year for her album of the same name.
Released in December 1973, Murray's version became a major crossover hit early in 1974.
In her native Canada, it topped all three singles charts: the overall Top Singles chart, the Country Tracks chart and the Adult Contemporary chart.
In the United States, the song peaked at No.
5 on the Billboard magazine Hot Country Singles chart and just missed the Top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at No.
The song fared even better there in the adult contemporary market — it became Murray's third chart-topper on Billboard's American Hot Adult Contemporary Singles chart.
(In Canada, it was her seventh No.
1 on both the country and adult contemporary charts.)  This was Murray's second Loggins & Messina cover, having charted with her version of their "Danny's Song" the previous year.
At the 17th Annual Grammy Awards in 1975, Anne Murray won the first of her three Grammy Awards for Best Female Country Vocal Performance for this song.
The song also appears on Murray's 2007 album Anne Murray Duets: Friends & Legends, performed as a duet with the K.
Later versions include Dar Williams, Jonathan Rayson and Kenny Loggins.
Corrado Paina (August 31 1954, Milan - April 12 2024, Toronto) was an Italian-born poet based in Toronto.
His writing reflects the changes of borders in life, sex and soul.
His works have been published in Canada and Italy.
The Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945 are the rules which the government of India established for the implementation of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940.
These rules classify drugs under given schedules and present guidelines for the storage, sale, display and prescription of each schedule.
Finn McKenlay (born 4 September 2005) is a New Zealand professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for A-League club Auckland FC.
Fyodorovsky District (Russian: Фёдоровский райо́н; Bashkir: Фёдоровка районы, Fyodorovka rayonı) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifty-four in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.
It is located in the southwest of the republic and borders with Sterlibashevsky District in the north, Meleuzovsky District in the east, Kuyurgazinsky District in the south, and with Orenburg Oblast in the west.
The area of the district is 1,693.24 square kilometers (653.76 sq mi).
Its administrative center is the rural locality (a selo) of Fyodorovka.
As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 18,650, with the population of Fyodorovka accounting for 23.1% of that number.
Hsu Kuo-jung (born 23 January 1970) is a Taiwanese bobsledder.
He competed in the four man event at the 1992 Winter Olympics.
The International Children's Festival at Wolf Trap was a youth-oriented festival dedicated to the performing, visual, and interactive arts.
The festival is held each September at Wolf Trap National Park for the Performing Arts in Fairfax County, Virginia, which is the United States' only national park devoted solely to the performing arts.
First conceived in 1971 as "International Children's Day", the festival provides opportunities for children to share aspects of their culture through the arts.
The idea and impetus for the festival came from Joan C.
Blair, also on the Fairfax County Arts Council.
She convinced the founder of the Wolf trap National Park for Performing Arts, Catherine Filene Shouse, to support the festival.
The International Children's Festival is sponsored by the Arts Council of Fairfax County in cooperation with the Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts and the National Park Service.
Proceeds from the annual festival support the educational programs and services of the Arts Council of Fairfax County.
It is held annually in September, typically on the 3rd weekend of the month.
By the end of 2011, it was decided to conclude the tradition, amid financial issues.
Maurice John Belgrave  (31 August 1940 – 3 December 2007) was a senior public servant and Chief Ombudsman of New Zealand.
"Kwarikwa" is a song by the Nigerian singer Flavour.
It was released as the lead single from his third studio album,  Blessed (2012), and features vocals by Congolese singer Fally Ipupa.
"Kwarikwa" is a love song with an uptempo beat.
Lažany is a municipality and village in Blansko District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
It has about 500 inhabitants.
Lažany lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Blansko, 19 km (12 mi) north of Brno, and 174 km (108 mi) southeast of Prague.
Mathieu Criquielion (born 27 April 1981 in Ath) is a Belgian former cyclist.
His father Claude was also a professional cyclist.
Mitra (Sanskrit: मित्र IAST: Mitrá) is a Hindu god and generally one of the Adityas (the sons of the goddess Aditi), though his role has changed over time.
In the Mitanni inscription, Mitra is invoked as one of the protectors of treaties.
In the Rigveda, Mitra appears primarily in the dvandva compound Mitra-Varuna, which has essentially the same attributes as the god Varuna alone, e.g.
as the principal guardian of ṛtá "Truth, Order".
In the late Vedic texts and the Brahmanas, Mitra is increasingly associated with the light of dawn and the morning sun (while Varuna becomes associated with the evening, and ultimately the night).
In the post-Vedic texts – in which Mitra practically disappears – Mitra evolved into the patron divinity of friendship, and because he is "friend", abhors all violence, even when sacred.
Paraves are a widespread group of theropod dinosaurs that originated in the Middle Jurassic period.
In addition to the extinct dromaeosaurids, troodontids, anchiornithids, and possibly the scansoriopterygids, the group also contains the avialans, which include diverse extinct taxa as well as the over 11,000 species of living birds.
Basal members of Paraves are well known for the possession of an enlarged claw on the second digit of the foot, which was held off the ground when walking in some species.
A number of differing scientific interpretations of the relationships between paravian taxa exist.
New fossil discoveries and analyses make the classification of Paraves an active subject of research.
Samblançay, or Semblançay, is a French noble family of Touraine, originally from the merchant class and taking their name from a village in Indre-et-Loire.
The founder of the family was Jean de Beaune (d.
1489), treasurer of Louis XI, who narrowly escaped death for conspiracy under Charles VIII.
His son, Jacques de Beaune, baron de Semblançay, vicomte de Tours, became general of finances before 1497, and from 1518 was superintendent of finances.
Convicted of peculation in connection with the supplies for the army in Italy, Jacques de Beaune was executed at Montfaucon on 9 August 1527.
His eldest son, Martin de Beaune, who became archbishop of Tours in 1520, died in the same year as his father.
Another son, Guillaume de Beaune, general of finances under his father, and banished from 1527 to 1535, was the father of Renaud de Beaune (1527–1606), archbishop of Bourges (1581) and archbishop of Sens (1595).
His efforts at pacification during the wars of religion culminated in the conversion of Henry IV, and it was he who presided at the ceremony of the king's abjuration of Protestantism on 25 July 1593.
Renaud was one of the most famous orators of his time, and records of some of his speeches still exist, as well as his Reformation de l'université de Paris (1605 and 1667).
Another descendant of Jacques de Beaune was Charlotte de Sauve (c.1550–1617), a courtesan whom Catherine de' Medici employed to discover the secrets of her courtly enemies.
She counted among her lovers and dupes the king of Navarre (Henry IV of France), the duc d'Alencon (Henry III.), Henry I., duc de Guise and others.
The duc de Guise was killed as he left her apartments in the early morning of Christmas Day 1588.
She was married early in life to Simon Fizes, baron de Sauves a secretary of state, and again in 1584 to François de la Tremoille, marquis de Noirmoutiers, by whom she had a son, Louis, 1st duc de Noirmoutiers, a ducal line which became extinct in 1733.
Charlotte died on 30 September 1617.
Spånga Church (Swedish: Spånga kyrka) is a church in the Spånga-Tensta borough in Stockholm, Sweden.
It is part of Spånga-Kista Parish in the Diocese of Stockholm.
The oldest part of the church originates from 1175–1200.
Large reconstructions and enhancements took place during the 14th and 15th centuries.
Baron Gustaf Bonde (1620–1667), owner of the nearby Hässelby Palace, made considerable donations to the church.
After his death a chancel tomb, designed by the architect Nicodemus Tessin the Elder, was added onto the church, in which he and his descendants are buried.
The church also contains other historical monuments, such as several fresco paintings from the Middle Ages.
The church was last renovated between 1953 and 1955.
Sumin may refer to
Sumin, Brodnica County in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-central Poland)
Sumin, Lipno County in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-central Poland)
Sumin, Gmina Tarnawatka, Tomaszów County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Sumin, Włodawa County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Sumin, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Sumin, Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Sumin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)
People with the surname Sumin:
Avenir Sumin (1858–1933), Russian jewellery-maker
Aleksandr Sumin (born 1995), Russian football player
Bae Su-min (born 2001), member of K-Pop group STAYC
Pyotr Sumin (1946–2011), governor of Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia
Sumin (born 1991), Korean musician.
The Trier Transmitter was a medium-wave transmitter in Trier, Germany, that went into service in 1932.
Walid Sabbar (Arabic: وليد الصبار; born 25 February 1996) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
He was a squad member for the 2013 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
William Cameron (1833-1886) FGS, FRGS was the explorer whose name is commemorated in the Cameron Highlands.
Brother of John Cameron, of Singapore, William was born in Glasgow, educated at its High School, and first worked there as an accountant.
He emigrated to Australia, where he studied geology and the goldfields before returning to Scotland where he reported on the gold discovered at Kildonan, Sutherland.
From discussions with miners he wrote reports for the North British Daily Mail which led to a Royal Commission on the Truck Acts.
He then went to report as a war correspondent with the French army on the Franco-German War, but was arrested as a spy, condemned to death, and only freed after strenuous diplomatic representations.
For a time, he then worked in finance in London.
He then went to Singapore where his brother was proprietor of the Straits Times.
Around 1880 he went surveying alone in Pahang, and later in Selangor and Perak.
His 'practical knowledge of mineralogy and geology' and 'love of exploring' ultimately led to his being given the honorary title of 'Government Explorer and Geologist' in the Straits Settlements in 1885.
He was married, and had several children.
He died at Parsee Lodge, Singapore on 20 November 1886.
The Xujiachong Formation is an early Devonian formation from China.
It preserves a wide range of plant and fish fossils, many being only known from this formation.
The 1989 Troy State Trojans football team represented Troy State University (now known as Troy University) as a member of the Gulf South Conference (GSC) during the 1989 NCAA Division II football season.
Led by second-year head coach Robert Maddox, the Trojans compiled an overall record of 4–6, with a mark of 3–5 in conference play, and finished tied for sixth in the GSC.
7th meridian may refer to:
7th meridian east, a line of longitude east of the Greenwich Meridian
7th meridian west, a line of longitude west of the Greenwich Meridian
The Seventh Meridian of the Dominion Land Survey in Canada, 122° west of Greenwich
Allen Ong Hou Ming (born 2 November 1979) is a Malaysian former swimmer, who specialised in sprint freestyle events.
He is a two-time Olympian (2000 and 2004), a double gold medalist in the 100 m freestyle at the Southeast Asian Games (2001 and 2003), and a varsity swimmer for the Minnesota Golden Gophers at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis.
Ong made his official debut at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
He failed to advance into the semifinals in any of his individual events, finishing fortieth in the 100 m freestyle (51.93), and thirty-seventh in the 200 m freestyle (1:54.53).
He also placed twenty-second, as a member of the Malaysian team, in the 4 × 100 m medley relay (3:48.32).
Two years later, Ong blasted a Malaysian record of 23.62 to pick up a seventh seed in the 50 m freestyle at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan, South Korea.
At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Ong shortened his program, swimming only in two individual events.
He cleared FINA B-standard entry times of 23.49 (50 m freestyle) from the Malaysian Open Championships in Kuala Lumpur, and 51.57 (100 m freestyle) from the Southeast Asian Games in Hanoi, Vietnam.
In the 100 m freestyle, Ong challenged seven other swimmers in heat four, including fellow two-time Olympians Alexandros Aresti of Cyprus and George Gleason of the Virgin Islands.
He edged out Bulgaria's Raichin Antonov to take a seventh spot and fiftieth overall by 0.29 of a second, outside his record time of 52.04.
In his second event, 50 m freestyle, Ong matched his forty-sixth place tie with SEA Games champion Arwut Chinnapasaen on the morning's preliminaries.
Swimming in heat five, he managed to pull off a fifth-place effort in 23.52, just 0.03 of a second off his entry time.
Covert is a fortnightly political magazine of which the first edition was published on 15 May 2008.
Its founder is the well known journalist and columnist MJ Akbar.
The magazine targets at people who are very intellectual and want to keep up to date with the socio-political situation in India.
The current editor is Seema Mustafa.
It is published in English language.
Akbar said "The ideology of the magazine is the ideology of my own profession – journalism.
There should be space for every viewpoint as long as there is logic and rationale and it is not a rant."
Daniel Johnson (born 28 February 1993) is an English professional footballer, who plays as a striker for National League club Hartlepool United.
Johnson began his career in the youth academies at home-town club Middlesbrough and Hartlepool United but was released by both clubs without making a first-team appearance.
After spells with non-league sides Harrogate Town and Billingham Synthonia, Johnson rose to national prominence after a prolific season with Guisborough Town in the Northern Football League, attracting the attention of several Football League clubs, scoring 59 goals during the 2013–14 season.
His exploits for Guisborough saw him join Football League Championship side Cardiff City the following season.
However, he did not make a first-team appearance for the club, spending parts of the season out on loan at Football League Two clubs Tranmere Rovers and Stevenage before being released following the expiration of his contract, signing for Gateshead in July 2015.
Johnson moved to Motherwell in 2018, where he spent one year before signing for Dundee in July 2019.
In January 2020 he signed for league two club Leyton Orient.
While with Mansfield, Johnson would go out on loan to Walsall and would have a remarkable scoring season.
In 2023 he returned to the Saddlers on a two-year deal.
Dreams Money Can Buy has several uses.
Fairdale may refer to one of the following places:
Fleurac (French pronunciation: [flœʁak]; Occitan: Flurac) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Indirective may refer to:
Indirective language, a language lacking evidentiality
Indirective language, a type of ditransitive alignment
Izsófalva (formerly Disznóshorvát) is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.
The village has a population of 1,871.
Jean Hazel Dalton (born 3 December 1964) is justice of the Supreme Court of Queensland in the Trial Division.
She was appointed to the court in 2011.
Lim Neo Chian is a Singaporean former major-general who served as Chief of Army between 1992 and 1995.
After leaving the Singapore Army, he has held both executive and non-executive positions in various organisations, including the Jurong Town Corporation, Economic Development Board, ST Engineering, Singapore Tourism Board and the Singapore Cruise Centre.
Lorena Clare Facio (June 30, 1943 – March 17, 2026) was the First Lady of Costa Rica from 1998 to 2002 during the presidency of her husband Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Echeverría.
Marcel Amont (French pronunciation: [maʁsɛl amɔ̃]; born Marcel Jean-Pierre Balthazar Miramon, [maʁsɛl ʒɑ̃ pjɛʁ baltazaʁ miʁamɔ̃]; 1 April 1929 – 8 March 2023) was a French singer of the 1960s and 1970s.
Amont also recorded in Occitan and promoted Bearn culture from the 1950s.
Amont was one of the most popular singers in France, and the most prolific of the French language, with a career lasting many years.
He sold 300 million albums, recorded 30 albums, 79 singles, 126 EP's, 11 compilations and about 1,000 songs in different languages (English, Italian, Portuguese, Chinese, German, Irish and Spanish).
Amont is known for having performed songs by composers such as Georges Brassens, Léo Ferré and Georges Moustaki.
His work was inspired by American pop and jazz in the style of Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett and Andy Williams.
He recorded international hits such as "Blue, bland, blond", "L'amour ça fait passer le temps", "Ballade pour l'espagnol", "Le plus beau tango du monde" and "Cathy, fais-moi danser".
His song entitled "Un Mexicain" reached number 1 on the charts in France.
Max Sandro Barbosa de Oliveira (born 3 August 1972), known simply as Max Sandro, is a Brazilian football coach and former player.
He is the head coach of Lemense.
Oroncota or Huruncuta was an Inca provincial center or capital on the border of Chuquisaca and Potosí Departments of Bolivia.
Oroncota was captured by the Incas during the reign of Topa Inca Yupanqui (1471-1493) and served as a defensive outpost protecting the eastern frontiers of the Inca empire.
The primary residents of the Oroncota area for more than 1,500 years have been the Yampara people.
In the 16th century, during the last years of the Inca Empire and the early Spanish Empire, Oroncota and its region were under heavy attack by the Ava Guarani people (Chiriguanos) ethnic group who eventually gained control of the area.
Extensive and scattered ruins of the Inca and Yampara have been excavated by archaeologists.
Super Rugby AU, formerly named the Harvey Norman Super Rugby AU for sponsorship purposes, was a rugby union competition organised by Rugby Australia (RA).
The competition was created to supplant the 2020 Super Rugby season, which had been suspended in March due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Due to ongoing international travel restrictions relating to the pandemic, the competition was continued with a second season in 2021.
The competition features the four Australian Super Rugby teams from the Australian conference, with the addition of the Western Force, in a round-robin tournament over a 12-week period, made up of 10 rounds, a qualifying final and a final.
Major-General Thomas Heward Acton,  (12 June 1917 – 22 January 1977) was a British Army officer.
The Vicenç Ros Municipal Museum, in Martorell (Baix Llobregat), occupies one of the sections of an old Capuchin convent dating back to the 17th century and is part of Barcelona Provincial Council Local Museum Network.
Opened in 1945, the museum came to be thanks to Vicenç Ros i Batllevell (1883–1970), who donated his large ceramics collection.
Over the years, the museum has organised its collection into different categories, which it has expanded: ethnology, art, archaeology, architecture and archives.
Wittmann Island is an island lying 3.7 km (2 nmi) west-southwest of Nusser Island, off the east side of Renaud Island in the Biscoe Islands.
First accurately shown on an Argentine government chart of 1957, it was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1959 after Walter I.
Wittmann, an American oceanographer who has specialized in sea ice studies.
The 2023 NCAA Division I Football Championship Game was a college football game played on January 8, 2023, at Toyota Stadium in Frisco, Texas.
The game determined the national champion of NCAA Division I FCS for the 2022 season, featuring the finalists of the 24-team playoff bracket, which began on November 26, 2022.
Top-ranked South Dakota State defeated conference rival North Dakota State 45–21 to gain their first national championship.
Played on Sunday for the first time, the game began at 1:04 p.m.
CST and was broadcast on ABC and ESPN+, opposite NFL regular season finales (week 18).
The A7 Highway is a major highway in Nigeria, connecting the city of Ilorin, the capital of Kwara State, in the eastern direction to the border with Benin in the northwest.
It plays a crucial role in regional transportation, passing through several cities and towns along its route.
Abu Qilqil Subdistrict (Arabic: ناحية أبو قلقل)  is a subdistrict of Manbij District in Aleppo Governorate of northern Syria.
Administrative centre is the town of Abu Qilqil.
At the 2004 census, the subdistrict had a population of 47,109.
Anco is an unincorporated community in Knott County, Kentucky, United States.
Anco is 7 miles (11 km) south-southwest of Hindman.
Archips rosana, the rose tortrix, is a moth of the family Tortricidae.
It is found in both the Palearctic and Nearctic realms.
The wingspan is 15–24 mm.
The forewings have a sinuate, vertical termen.
The costal fold from base to beyond middle, is irregular and light brown, sometimes reddish-tinged, in female darker-strigulated.
There is a dorsal spot near the base.
The anterior edge of the central fascia is sinuate.
There is a suffused costal patch emitting an interrupted stria darker brown, in the female sometimes nearly obsolete and some dark terminal strigulae.
The hindwings are grey, apex usually more or less orange.
The larva is dark olive-green; dorsal line darker; tubercular spots white; head brown; plate of 2 blackish, anteriorly whitish.
Julius von Kennel provides a full description.
The moths are on wing from May to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed within rolled leaves of various fruit plants such as raspberry, as well as cultivated rose.
Pupation takes place from April to May.
The species overwinters as an egg.
Beijing Olympic Broadcasting Co., Ltd (BOB) (Chinese: 北京奥林匹克转播有限公司; pinyin: Běijīng àolínpǐkè zhuǎnbò yǒuxiàn gōngsī) was a Chinese broadcasting consortium which produced the main international feeds for the 2008 Summer Olympics and Paralympics.
It was established in 2004 as a joint venture between the Beijing Organizing Committee for the Olympic Games and Olympic Broadcasting Services, owned by the International Olympic Committee, in such a way as to conform to Chinese laws against direct foreign investment in Chinese television.
Campbell is a town in Steuben County, New York, United States.
The population was 3,163 at the 2020 census.
The name is from Robert Campbell, an early landowner.
The town is centrally located in the county and is northwest of Corning.
Choisy (French pronunciation: [ʃwazi]; Savoyard: Choézi) is a commune in the eastern French department of Haute-Savoie.
It lies 15 kilometers from Annecy and 35 kilometers from Geneva.
Donald Carl Swayze (born August 10, 1958) is an American actor, noted for acting in dramatic series and soap operas as well as several feature films, and theatrical work.
Frank Colvin Senn  (born 1943) is an American liturgist and pastor of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
He served as pastor of five congregations: Gloria Dei in South Bend, Indiana (assistant pastor 1969–75), Fenner Memorial in Louisville, Kentucky (1975–77), Christ the Mediator in Chicago, Illinois (1981–86), Holy Spirit in Lincolnshire, Illinois (1986–90), and Immanuel in Evanston, Illinois (1990 to 2013).
Senn also taught at the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago (1978–81).
He has been an adjunct or visiting professor at the University of Chicago Divinity School (1982–84), the University of Notre Dame, Concordia University Chicago, Garrett-Evangelical Theological Seminary, Trinity Theological College in Singapore,  Satya Wacana Christian University in Central Java, Indonesia, Trinity School for Ministry, and Carey Theological College in Vancouver, and Reformed Theological Seminary of Indonesia in Jakarta.
Senn has a B.A.
in music from Hartwick College, Oneonta, New York, a M.Div.
from the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago, and a Ph.D.
in liturgical studies from the University of Notre Dame.
His work centers on the history and renewal of Christian liturgy and ecumenicism.
Early in his career he served on several Lutheran liturgical committees and contributed to the work on the Lutheran Book of Worship (1978).
He was especially active in Lutheran-Episcopal Dialogue in the U.S.A.
Senn is a past president of the North American Academy of Liturgy, a past president of The Liturgical Conference, and the past Senior of the Society of the Holy Trinity.
As of 2017, Senn has authored sixteen books.
His magnum opus is Christian Liturgy---Catholic and Evangelical (1997), which is a history of Christian liturgy whose center of gravity is the Reformation period.
He has been especially interested in liturgy and culture and liturgy in social history.
His most recent project in 2016, Embodied Liturgy: Lessons in Christian Ritual, grew out of a course he taught in Indonesia and focuses on the use of the body in liturgy and worship.
Eucharistic Body (2017) continues this project by exploring the connections between the historical body of Christ, the sacramental body of Christ, the body of the communicant, and the social body of Christ.
Senn has also published more than 300 journal articles, book reviews, sermons, dictionary entries, encyclopedia articles, and opinion pieces.
Frank Senn is married to Mary Elizabeth Senn, a clinical social worker.
They have three married adult children: Andrew, Nicholas, and Emily.
In retirement Pastor Senn continues to write, teach, and practice yoga.
Class T211 was a series of diesel locomotive, used Hekurudha Shqiptare, the railway company of Albania.
Some sources said 4 locomotives were delivered.
However, only two locomotives were ever seen in Albania.
The locomotives are almost identical to the T-211's delivered to ČSD.
Irdugan (Russian: Ирдуган; Bashkir: Ирдуған, İrduğan) is a rural locality (a village) in Pevomaysky Selsoviet, Yanaulsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia.
The population was 221 as of 2010.
There are 3 streets.
Lee Sala (May 26, 1926 – December 3, 2012) was a leading contender for the middleweight boxing crown in the 1940s and 50s.
His professional career spanned from 1946 until 1953, with a record of 76 wins, 7 losses, 0 draws, and 48 knockouts.
In Hamiltonian mechanics, the linear canonical transformation (LCT) is a family of integral transforms that generalizes many classical transforms.
It has 4 parameters and 1 constraint, so it is a 3-dimensional family, and can be visualized as the action of the special linear group SL2(C) on the time–frequency plane (domain).
As this defines the original function up to a sign, this translates into an action of its double cover on the original function space.
The LCT generalizes the Fourier, fractional Fourier, Laplace, Gauss–Weierstrass, Bargmann and the Fresnel transforms as particular cases.
The name "linear canonical transformation" is from canonical transformation, a map that preserves the symplectic structure, as SL2(R) can also be interpreted as the symplectic group Sp2, and thus LCTs are the linear maps of the time–frequency domain which preserve the symplectic form, and their action on the Hilbert space is given by the Metaplectic group.
The basic properties of  the  transformations mentioned above, such as scaling, shift, coordinate multiplication  are considered.
Any linear canonical transformation is related to affine transformations in phase space, defined by time-frequency or position-momentum coordinates.
Natsagdorj (Mongolian: Нацагдорж) is a Mongolian given name of Tibetan origin.
Dashdorjiin Natsagdorj (1906–1937), Mongolian writer, considered to be the founder and most-widely read author of modern Mongolian literature
Shagdarjavin Natsagdorj (1918–2001), Mongolian academic and historian, director of the Institute of History at the Mongolian Academy of Sciences
Tsedendambyn Natsagdorj (1944–2017), Mongolian Olympic wrestler
Sodnomtserengiin Natsagdorj (1938–), Mongolian former cross-country skier
Once in a While is a 1978 studio album by Dean Martin, produced by Jimmy Bowen.
It was released four years after it was recorded.
The album consists of traditional pop standards, recorded in country pop arrangements.
Many of the songs were associated with singer Bing Crosby.
It was reissued on CD by Capitol Records in 2006 and Hip-O Records in 2009.
Shanyang District (simplified Chinese: 山阳区; traditional Chinese: 山陽區; pinyin: Shānyáng Qū) is a district of the city of Jiaozuo, Henan province, China.
TBC1 domain family member 10A is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TBC1D10A gene.
Visa requirements for Tajik citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Tajikistan.
As 2026, Tajik citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 53 countries and territories, ranking the Tajik passport 79th in terms of travel freedom (tied with a passport from India and Senegal) according to the  Henley Passport Index.
Tajikistani citizens in other countries also can benefit from the mobility rights arrangements within the Commonwealth of Independent States.
Zita was a Hittite prince and probably the brother of Suppiluliuma I, (Šuppiluliumaš of the letters), in the 382–letter correspondence called the Amarna letters.
The letters were mostly sent to the pharaoh of Egypt from 1350-1335 BC, but other internal letters, vassal-state letters, and epics, also word texts, are part of the letter corpus.
Zita had a son called Hatupiyanza.
Zita's letter to the Egyptian pharaoh is addressed to someone at the Egyptian court.
Africotriton carinapex is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.
Amicus Bank was a wholly owned subsidiary of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) which provided non-traditional banking to customers.
The schooner Anglona was the first American opium clipper.
She sailed in the Chinese coastal trade in the 1840s, and had a famous race with the schooner Ariel around Lintin Island.
Asplenium rhizophyllum, the (American) walking fern, is a frequently-occurring fern native to North America.
It is a close relative of Asplenium ruprechtii (syn: Camptosorus sibiricus) which is found in East Asia and also goes by the common name of "walking fern".
Choi Young-jun is the name of:
Choi Young-jun (footballer, born 1965), South Korean footballer
Choi Young-jun (footballer, born 1991), South Korean footballer
Choi Young-joon (born 1980), South Korean actor
3615 code Père Noël ([tʁɑ̃t.sis kɛ̃z kɔd pɛʁ nɔ.ɛl], "3615 code Father Christmas", referring to a Minitel dialing number; also known as Deadly Games, Dial Code Santa Claus, Game Over, and Hide and Freak) is a 1989 French action-horror film written and directed by René Manzor.
It is noted for its similarities to the 1990 American film Home Alone, the makers of which Manzor once threatened with legal action on the grounds of plagiarism, alleging that they "remade my movie."
Dick Ringler (21 January 1934–23 February 2024) was emeritus Professor of English and Scandinavian Studies at the University of Wisconsin - Madison, and one of the world's foremost authorities on Icelandic literature.
Ringler's book Bard of Iceland: Jónas Hallgrimsson: Poet and Scientist, a biography and translation of selected works of Icelandic poet Jónas Hallgrimsson was named a top ten University Press title for 2003 by Book Sense.
In 2007 he completed a new translation of the Old English epic poem Beowulf, in which particular emphasis was given to preserving the oral rhythm and meter of the original text.
This translation was adapted as an audio drama with Norman Gilliland of Wisconsin Public Radio and was released in 2007 under the title Beowulf: The Complete Story—A Drama (ISBN 0-9715093-2-8).
He earned degrees from Harvard University (BA, PhD) and the University of Wisconsin (MA).
Elsy del Pilar Cuello Calderón (born in Bogotá, 13 June 1959) is a former Supreme Court Judge of the Corte Suprema de Justicia of Colombia.
Elsy del Pilar Cuello Calderón is a lawyer graduated from the Universidad Santo Tomás in Bogotá, Colombia.
Since 1990 she has been a Court Judge.
She was part of the Labor Cassation Chamber of the Supreme Court of Colombia.
Cuello is also part of the National Commission of Gender for the judicial Branch (Comisión Nacional de Género de la Rama Judicial), which was created in February 2008.
This commission determines the rules for gender equity in the judicial branch of Colombia.
Elsy del Pilar Cuello has been elected twice as Supreme Court Judge of Colombia.
The first time was in June 2004 for a three-month period and later on June 5, 2007, for the regular term of eight years.
Fatih Akin (Turkish: Fatih Akın; born 25 August 1973) is a German and Turkish film director, screenwriter and producer.
His films have won numerous awards and accolades, including the Golden Bear at the Berlin Film Festival for his film Head-On (2004), Best Screenplay at the Cannes Film Festival for his film The Edge of Heaven (2007), and the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film for his film In the Fade (2017).
Isaac Abrahamszoon Massa (baptized October 7, 1586 – 1643) was a Dutch grain trader, traveller and envoy to Russia.
He wrote memoirs related to the Time of Troubles and created some of the earliest maps of Eastern Europe and Siberia.
Due to Massa's experience in and knowledge of Russia, he was valued by the Dutch States-General as a counterweight to growing English influence in Russia in the early seventeenth century.
The Isaac Massa Foundation was established in his honor in Groningen.
It  aims to stimulate scientific and cultural contacts between Russia and the Netherlands.
Kong Hwa School (abbreviation: KHS; Chinese: traditional Chinese: 光華學校; simplified Chinese: 光华学校; pinyin: Guānghuá Xuéxiào) is a co-educational Special Assistance Plan (SAP) primary school located on Guillemard Road in the Mountbatten area of Singapore.
It is one of the six schools affiliated with the Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan, the others being Tao Nan School, Ai Tong School, Chongfu Primary School, Nan Chiau Primary School, and Nan Chiau High School.
Kong Hwa School established the Bi-Cultural Enrichment Programme (BiCEP) in 2007, encouraging students to learn another language and become bilingual.
Merry Jane (stylized MERRY JANE) is a cannabis-focused digital media platform launched by rapper Snoop Dogg in 2015, with media entrepreneur Ted Chung.
The site features editorial content on the business and politics of the cannabis industry, original video series as well as a database for identifying cannabis strains and dispensaries.
Moskal-Charivnyk (Ukrainian: «Москаль-Чарівник», lit.
''Muscovite Wizard'') is a 1995 musical comedy film by the Ukrainian filmmaker Mykola Zaseev-Rudenko based on the 1819 vaudeville by Ukrainian writer Ivan Kotliarevskyi Moskal-Charivnyk.
The film features a detailed portrayal of Ukrainian culture, showing the beauty of Ukrainian  traditions, music, costumes, and language.
The Pratt & Whitney JT12 (US military designation J60) is a small turbojet engine.
The Pratt & Whitney T73 (Pratt & Whitney JFTD12) is a related turboshaft engine.
Primrose Cottage is a historic residence in Roswell, Georgia.
It was the first permanent private home in Roswell.
The house was completed in 1839 for Roswell King's recently widowed daughter, Eliza King Hand, and her children.
Roswell King also moved into the house with his daughter's family.
As of 2023, the house functions as an events' facility.
It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing building in the Roswell Historic District.
Willis Ball designed and/or built it.
He also designed or built at least three other properties in Roswell Historic District, including the Roswell Presbyterian Church.
The home was purchased in 1853 by George H.
Camp, Roswell’s first postmaster and successor to Barrington King as the president of the Roswell Manufacturing Company.
Nap Rucker, a former major league pitcher with the Brooklyn Dodgers and the Mayor of Roswell in the 1930s, was also a resident.
Qaleh-ye Payan (Persian: قلعه پايان) is a village in, and the capital of, Kolbad-e Gharbi Rural District in Kolbad District of Galugah County, Mazandaran province, Iran.
Shambu is a 2005 Indian Kannada-language action drama film directed by Dwarki and starring Murali and Manya.
The film was a box office failure.
The Social Housing (Regulation) Act 2023 (c.
36) is an act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which introduced new measures to improve the standards, safety and operation of social housing.
The bill was introduced in the House of Lords on 8 June 2022 and received royal assent on 20 July 2023.
Described by the government as a "landmark law", the act makes changes following the Grenfell Tower fire and the Death of Awaab Ishak.
Terrence Jenkins (born April 21, 1982) is an American actor, television presenter, model and entertainment reporter best known as the host of BET's popular music video countdown show 106 & Park from 2006 until 2012.
He was the co-anchor of E!
News from 2012 until 2015.
Zgornje Slemene (pronounced [ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ˈsleːmɛnɛ]) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Šentjur, eastern Slovenia.
It lies in the hills north of Dramlje.
The settlement, and the entire municipality, are included in the Savinja Statistical Region, which is in the Slovenian portion of the historical Duchy of Styria.
As of 2020, its population of 12 makes it the least populous settlement in the Municipality of Šentjur.
52nd Regiment of Foot may refer to:
50th (Queen's Own) Regiment of Foot, raised in 1755 and renumbered as the 50th in 1756
52nd (Oxfordshire) Regiment of Foot, raised as the 54th and renumbered in 1756
52nd Lowland Regiment, a Territorial Army regiment formed in 1999
Barrow Heights is an unincorporated community located in Barrow County, Georgia, United States.
Charles Hartung (February 19, 1841 – July 17, 1916) was mayor of Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Douglas Tynwald Kelly (July 21, 1920 – January 10, 2006) was a Canadian politician.
After being defeated in the 1969 provincial election, he served in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1972 to 1975, as a NDP member for the constituency of Omineca.
FPSC may refer to:
Federal Public Service Commission, a federal agency of Government of Pakistan located in Islamabad City
Florida Public Service Commission, a regulatory organization in the state of Florida, US
Free Piston Stirling Cooler, a type of mechanical refrigerator
Graham Williams may refer to:
Hal Sever (c.
1910 – June 2005 (aged 94–95)   ) was an English rugby international playing ten matches.
He was educated at Shrewsbury School, which is normally regarded as a footballing school.
He made his debut in 1936 as a member of the first English team to defeat the All Blacks and played an integral role in the English team in 1937 that won the Triple Crown.
He played his last international game against Scotland in 1938.
He played club rugby for Sale and represented Cheshire as well as playing 8 matches for the Barbarians.
Heilshoop is a municipality in the district of Stormarn, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The Kinmon incident (禁門の変, Kinmon no Hen; "Forbidden Gate Incident" or "Imperial Palace Gate Incident"), also known as the Hamaguri Gate Rebellion (蛤御門の変, Hamaguri Gomon no Hen; "Hamaguri Imperial Gate Incident"), was a rebellion against the Tokugawa shogunate in Japan that took place on 20 August [lunar calendar: 19th day, 7th month], 1864, near the Imperial Palace in Kyoto.
Koji Kumagai (熊谷 浩二, Kumagai Koji; born October 23, 1975) is a former Japanese football player.
The Marquesan Nature Reserves are a network of small nature reserves in the Marquesas Islands.
The reserves were declared by the government of French Polynesia in 1992, as a first step toward preserving the native flora and fauna of some of the smaller islands of the group.
The reserve system presently consists of four units:
Eiao Island Nature Reserve, encompassing Eiao and its surrounding rocks (8.002°S 140.703°W﻿ / -8.002; -140.703﻿ (Eiao Island Nature Reserve))
Hatutu Nature Reserve, including the island of Hatutu and its surrounding rocks (7.918°S 140.572°W﻿ / -7.918; -140.572﻿ (Hatutu Nature Reserve))
Motane Nature Reserve, including the islands of Moho Tani and Terihi, as well as a few surrounding rocks (9.986°S 138.829°W﻿ / -9.986; -138.829﻿ (Motane Nature Reserve))
Motu One Reserve, covering the coral reef and sandy island network of Motu One (7.868°S 140.378°W﻿ / -7.868; -140.378﻿ (Motu One Reserve))
In 1996 Lucien Kimitete, the Mayor of Nuku Hiva, proposed that the Marquesas become a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
In May 2022 public consultations on their listing began.
Martín Fernández de Enciso (c.
1469 – 1533) was a Spanish lawyer, colonial official and geographer.
He was instrumental in the colonization of the Isthmus of Darien, one of Spain's earliest attempts to occupy the mainland of the Americas.
His successful advocacy for the rights of the Crown in the Indies led to the publication of the proclamation known as the Requerimiento in 1513.
In 1519 he published Suma de Geographia, the first Spanish-language account of the New World.
The National Home for Destitute Colored Women and Children, later known as the Merriweather Home for Children, was a relief association in the Pleasant Plains neighborhood of Washington, D.C.
Founded in 1863 to house and educate formerly enslaved women and children who fled to Washington during the American Civil War, the organization would go on to operate for more than a century, becoming the only orphanage for African American children in the city by the 1950s.
In 2022, the National Home's former building at 733 Euclid Street N.W.
was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
482 Squadron was a maintenance unit of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
It was formed in May 1942 as No.
4 Repair and Salvage Unit, renamed No.
4 Repair and Servicing Unit in January 1945 and re-formed as No.
482 (Maintenance) Squadron in May 1946.
The squadron then became a component of No.
82 (Bomber) Wing at RAAF Station Amberley, Queensland.
Over the years it serviced the wing's Consolidated B-24 Liberators, Avro Lincolns, English Electric Canberras, McDonnell Douglas F-4E Phantoms, and General Dynamics F-111Cs.
482 Squadron merged with No.
3 Aircraft Depot to form No.
501 Wing in March 1992.
501 Wing continued to provide maintenance and logistics support for the F-111Cs at Amberley until disbanding in 2001.
The reddish-brown bearded saki (Chiropotes sagulatus) is a species of bearded saki, a type of New World monkey, endemic to Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, and Suriname.
The IUCN notes that this is possibly a synonym for Chiropotes israelita, though the two populations of sakis may be distinct species.
Richard Gallo (November 18, 1946 – July 8, 2007) was an American stage actor, performance artist, and experimental theater stage director, noted mostly for his street performances and provocative costumes.
His work blurred the boundaries between performance art, theatre, and fashion.
Gallo performed outside the luxury stores and hotels on Fifth Avenue wearing costumes that referenced glamour, sadomasochism, and high fashion.
His street performances challenged mainstream conceptions of identity, masculinity, and sexuality.
He was known as "Lemon Boy" for his use of lemons as props.
Sir James Cunynghame, 2nd Baronet (c.
1685 – 1747) of Milncraig, Ayr and Livingstone, Linlithgow,  was a Scottish politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1715  to 1722.
Cunynghame was the eldest son of Sir David Cunynghame, 1st Baronet of Milncraig and Livingstone and  his first wife Isabella Dalrymple, daughter of James Dalrymple, 1st Viscount of Stair.
He succeeded his father in the baronetcy on 28 January 1708.
Cunynghame was returned unopposed as  Whig Member of Parliament for Linlithgowshire at the 1715 general election.
He was defeated in 1722 and in a later attempt in 1734.
Cunynghame died unmarried on 1 February 1747.
He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his brother, David, a Lieutenant-General in the Army.
Soslan Vladimirovich Kachmazov (Russian: Сослан Владимирович Качмазов; born 14 July 1991) is a Russian football defender who plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
"Talkin' World War III Blues" is a song written and performed by the American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan that was first released as the tenth track (or the fourth song on Side 2 of the vinyl) of his 1963 album The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan.
Like nearly every song on the album, it is performed by Dylan solo, accompanying himself on acoustic guitar and harmonica played in a rack.
Vermont Route 3 (VT 3) is a 7.828-mile-long (12.598 km) north–south state highway in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.
It runs from the town of Rutland to Pittsford.
The 1928–29 CPHL season was the third season of the Canadian Professional Hockey League, a minor professional ice hockey league in Ontario, Canada, with one team based in Detroit, Michigan and another based in Buffalo, New York.
Eight teams participated in the league, and the Windsor Bulldogs won the championship.
Andre Agassi successfully defended his title by defeating Pete Sampras 7–5, 6–4 in the final.
The head-to-head between both players was tied 3–3.
The 2025–26 Algerian League 2 is the 62nd season of the Algerian League 2 since its establishment and the first one under its new name.
The competition is organized by the Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur and consists of two groups of 16.
At the end of the last game of the League 2, the 3 clubs that are ranked last in each group are relegated to the Inter Régions.
The start of the 2025–26 season of the League 2 was on Friday, September 13, as announced by Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur in a press release published on the official website.
The American University of Sharjah (AUS; Arabic: الجامعة الأميركية في الشارقة) is a private university in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.
It was founded in 1997 by Sultan bin Muhammad Al-Qasimi, Supreme Council Member and Ruler of Sharjah.
Located in University City in Sharjah, AUS has more than 5,000 students from more than 94 countries and a full-time faculty of more than 360 from 48 countries.
AUS offers 26 majors and 48 minors at the undergraduate level, as well as 16 master's degrees, and a PhD in Engineering Systems Management.
The university is organized into three colleges and one school.
The university is licensed by the Commission for Academic Accreditation of the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research (UAE) in the United Arab Emirates.
The American University of Sharjah is accredited in the United States by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education.
The following is a list of land border crossings of Azerbaijan, including both highway and rail crossings.
Carlos Heitor Cony (March 14, 1926 – January 5, 2018) was a Brazilian journalist and writer.
He was a member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters (Portuguese: Academia Brasileira de Letras).
Cony viewed himself as center-leftist and faced persecution under the military government in the 1960s.
Four of his works were adapted to movies.
He was a columnist at the Brazilian newspaper Folha de S.Paulo.
Cony died in Rio de Janeiro on January 5, 2018, of multiple organ failure at the age of 91.
The Convention of Kütahya, also known as the Peace Agreement of Kütahya, ended the Egyptian–Ottoman War (1831–1833) in May 1833.
CorVision is a fourth generation programming tool (4GL) currently owned by Attunity, Inc.
CorVision was developed by Cortex Corporation for the VAX/VMS ISAM environment.
Although Cortex beta tested CorVision-10 which was generated for PCs but CorVision itself stayed anchored on VMS.
CorVision-10 proved more difficult than hoped, and was never released.
Iganga General Hospital, also, Iganga District Hospital or Iganga Main Hospital, Iganga Hospital commonly known as Nakavule Hospital, is a hospital in Iganga, Eastern Uganda.
The Industrial and Commercial Daily Press Limited was the editor and publisher of the three newspapers in British Hong Kong, The Kung Sheung Daily News (Chinese: 工商日報; lit.
'Industrial and Commercial Daily News'), The Kung Sheung Evening News (Chinese: 工商晚報; lit.
'Industrial and Commercial Evening News') and The Tien Kwong Morning News (Chinese: 天光報; lit.
'Dawn News').
The company also wrote and published some special report, fiction and non-fiction.
The limited company was incorporated in 1928 and was winding up in 1996.
The predecessor of the company was founded circa the same year with the daily newspaper in 1925.
The company was located in Gage Street, and then on 43 Des Voeux Road Central, and then on 18 Fenwick Street, Wan Chai, all on Hong Kong Island.
Limestone Township is a township that is located in Clarion County, Pennsylvania, United States.
The population was 1,870 at the time of the 2020 census, an increase from the figure of 1,858 tabulated in 2010.
Mustelidae is a family of mammals in the order Carnivora, which includes weasels, badgers, otters, ferrets, martens, minks, and wolverines, and many other extant and extinct genera.
A member of this family is called a mustelid; Mustelidae is the largest family in Carnivora, and its extant species are divided into eight subfamilies.
They are found on all continents except Antarctica and Australia, and are a diverse family; sizes range, including tails, from the widespread 17 cm (7 in) least weasel to the 1.8-meter (6 ft) giant otter of Amazonian South America.
Habitats vary widely as well, from the arboreal marten to the fossorial European badger to the marine sea otter.
Population sizes are largely unknown, though two species, the sea mink and Japanese otter, were hunted to extinction in 1894 and 1979, respectively, and several other species are endangered.
Some species have been domesticated, e.g.
the ferret and some populations of the South American tayra.
Mustelidae is one of the oldest families in Carnivora; early mustelids first appeared around 28–33 million years ago.
The 23 genera and 62 extant species of Mustelidae are split into 8 subfamilies: Guloninae, martens and wolverines; Helictidinae, ferret-badgers; Ictonychinae, African polecats and grisons; Lutrinae, otters; Melinae, Eurasian badgers; Mellivorinae, the honey badger; Mustelinae, weasels and minks; and Taxidiinae, the American badger.
In addition to the extant subfamilies, Mustelidae includes three extinct subfamilies designated as Leptarctinae, Mustelavinae, and Oligobuninae.
Extinct species have also been placed into all of the extant subfamilies besides Helictidinae, in both extant and extinct genera; around 200 extinct Mustelidae species have been found, as well as fossil genera not given a species name, though due to ongoing research and discoveries the exact number and categorization is not fixed.
Mohamed Bilal may refer to:
Mohamed Gharib Bilal (born 1945), Tanzanian politician
Mohammed Bilal, Baharani footballer
Muhammad Bilal (born 1955), Pakistani wrestler
Mohammad Bilal (born 1975), Pakistani cricketer
News of the World was a British tabloid newspaper.
It may also refer to:
Pusiola is a genus of moths in the subfamily Arctiinae.
Ramrajya is a Hindi political drama film produced under the banner of Li Helios films.
Actress Rakul Preet Singh's brother, Aman Preet, made his Bollywood debut with this movie.
Punjabi actress Shobita Rana also doing her debut with Ramrajya.
The renowned actor Govind Namdev can be seen as playing Aman's Guru.
The songs are sung by famous singer Kailash Kher, Raja Hasan  and Gul Saxena (famous RadhaKrishn serial fame).
René Schwall (born 29 January 1971) is a German sailor.
He competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
In the Tornado World Championship, which are organized by the International Sailing Federation, Schwall has won three gold medals, ranking him as a world champion during 1993, 1997, and 2000.
He has also been awarded two silver and two bronze medals for other years in the Championships.
He is currently ranked as the fourth most awarded Tornado medalist in open sailing.
Schwall was born in the German town of Kiel, where the first Tornado World Championship were held since 1968, three years before his birth.
Soeiro is a Portuguese given name and surname.
Notable people with the given name include:
Soeiro Raimundes de Riba de Vizela (d.
1220), Portuguese nobleman
Soeiro Viegas (d.
1233), bishop of Lisbon from 1211
Soeiro Pereira Gomes (1909–1949), Portuguese writer
Edite Soeiro (1934–2009), Portuguese journalist
Ernesto Soeiro (born 1961), Portuguese footballer
José Soeiro (born 1984), Portuguese sociologist and politician
Manuel Soeiro (1909–1977), Portuguese footballer
Spirit Exit is a studio album by Italian composer Caterina Barbieri.
It was released on 8 July 2022 through her record label Light-Years.
It received universal acclaim from critics.
Zhu Fatai (Chinese: 竺法汰; pinyin: Zhú Fǎtài; Cantonese Yale: Chu1 Faat3 Taai3; AD 320 – 387) was a Chinese Buddhist scholar of the Jin dynasty.
He was a disciple of Dao'an and Fotucheng in the ancient city of Ye and taught at Jiankang.
The 2013 Campeonato Paranaense de Futebol Profissional da 1ª Divisão was the 98th season of Paraná's top professional football league.
The competition began on January 20 and ended on May 12.
Coritiba won the championship for the 37th time, while Paranavaí and Nacional were relegated.
The 2024 English Open (officially the 2024 BetVictor English Open) was a professional snooker tournament that took place from 12 to 22 September 2024 at the Brentwood Centre in Brentwood, England.
It was the fourth ranking event of the 2024‍–‍25 season (following the 2024 Saudi Arabia Snooker Masters and preceding the 2024 British Open) and the first of four tournaments in the season's Home Nations Series (preceding the 2024 Northern Ireland Open, the 2024 Scottish Open, and the 2025 Welsh Open).
The event was broadcast by Eurosport and Discovery+ in Europe (including the United Kingdom and Ireland) and by other broadcasters internationally.
The winner received £100,000 from a total prize fund of £550,400, the Steve Davis trophy, and a place in the 2024 Champion of Champions invitational event.
Judd Trump was the defending champion, having defeated Zhang Anda 9‍–‍7 in the 2023 final, but he lost 3‍–‍5 in the quarter‑finals to Wu Yize, who went on to reach his maiden ranking final.
Neil Robertson defeated Wu 9‍–‍7 to win his second English Open title (following his previous win at the 2021 event) and the 24th ranking title of his career.
It was Robertson's first victory at a ranking event since the 2022 Tour Championship, and he re‑entered the top 16 in the world rankings after the tournament.
John Higgins fell to 17th in the rankings, ending his record uninterrupted tenure of over 29 years inside the top 16.
The event produced 69 century breaks, with 23 in the qualifying rounds and 46 in the later rounds, the highest being a maximum break by Fan Zhengyi in his second round qualifying match against Liam Pullen.
Higgins made his 1,000th century break in professional competition in his last‑16 match against Mark Allen, becoming the second player to reach that milestone, after Ronnie O'Sullivan.
Aadmi Aur Insaan is a 1969 Hindi film produced by B.
Chopra and directed by Yash Chopra.
The film stars Dharmendra, Saira Banu, Feroz Khan, Mumtaz, Johnny Walker, Madan Puri, Ajit, Anwar, Iftekhar, Achla Sachdev, Kamini Kaushal and Nazima.
The film's music is by Ravi with lyrics by Sahir Ludhiyanvi.
Tesaka is a dialect of Malagasy spoken by Antesaka people in the region of Atsimo Atsinanana, Madagascar.
The Bailey Bridge (also known as Walton Bridge) is a crossing of the River Trent at Walton-on-Trent on the border of Derbyshire and Staffordshire in England.
The bridge is only one lane wide with access controlled by a tidal flow system controlled by signals at either end of the bridge.
A separate footbridge is attached to the northern side of the structure.
Basal Eurasian is a proposed lineage of anatomically modern humans with reduced, or zero, Neanderthal admixture (ancestry) compared to other ancient non-Africans.
They diverged from other Eurasians after the Out-of-African migration and represent a sister lineage to other Eurasians.
Basal Eurasians originate from the Southern Middle East, specifically from Prehistoric Arabia, or North Africa, and are said to have contributed ancestry to various West Eurasian, South Asian, and Central Asian as well as African groups.
This Basal Eurasian component is also proposed to explain the lower archaic admixture among modern West Eurasians compared with East Eurasians, although alternative explanations without need of such Basal admixture exist as well.
Basal Eurasian ancestry had likely admixed into West Eurasian groups present in West Asia as early as 26,000 years ago, prior to the Last Glacial Maximum, with this ancestry being subsequently spread by later migrations, such as those of the Anatolian Neolithic Farmers into Europe during the Holocene.
The Courts of First Instance are the third hierarchic level organized in the judiciary of Peru.
Each province has a Court of First Instance.
Courts of First Instance are subdivided according to their specialty.
The specialties that the courts are divided into are the following;
Civil: has jurisdiction over topics relating to Civil Rights with the exception of Family law
Criminal: has jurisdiction over all topics relating to Criminal law
Labor: has jurisdiction over all topics relating to Labor law
Family: has jurisdiction over all topics relating to Family law
Commercial: has jurisdiction over all topics relating to Commercial law
Courts that receive cases from more than one of these categories are called Mixed Courts.
Trials that originate in Courts of Peace, can be re-tried in these courts.
Likewise, trials originating in these courts may be re-tried in Superior Courts.
Delcastle Technical High School is a public vocational-technical high school in unincorporated New Castle County, Delaware, near Wilmington, and is the largest of four high schools within the New Castle County Vocational-Technical School District, which includes Howard High School of Technology in Wilmington, Hodgson Vo-Tech High School in Glasgow, and St.
Georges Technical High School in St.
It houses the administrative offices of its respective school district.
Donald Finlay Fergusson Thomson OBE (26 June 1901 – 12 May 1970) was an Australian anthropologist and ornithologist.
He is known for his studies of and friendship with the Pintupi and Yolngu peoples, and for his intervention in the Caledon Bay crisis.
Flareup is a 1969 American thriller film directed by James Neilson and written by Mark Rodgers.
The film stars Raquel Welch, James Stacy, Luke Askew, Don Chastain, Ron Rifkin and Jean Byron.
The film was released on November 10, 1969, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
John Rodgers (August 8, 1812 – May 5, 1882) was an admiral in the United States Navy.
He began his naval career as a commander in the American Civil War and during his postwar service became an admiral.
Manuel Hiemer (born 3 February 1985) is a German retired footballer.
Nebria dolicapax is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae family that is endemic to eastern China.
Neilston Football Club are a Scottish football club based in Neilston, East Renfrewshire who currently play in the West of Scotland League First Division.
This is tier 7 of the Scottish FA league pyramid system.
Olou is a surname.
Antoinette Tielé Gambia Olou, Congolese politician
Oscar Olou (born 1987), Beninese footballer
Ortabayındır is a village in the Orta District of Çankırı Province in Turkey.
Its population is 71 (2021).
Otaru Station (小樽駅, Otaru-eki) is a railway station in Otaru, Hokkaido, Japan, operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company (JR Hokkaido).
It is numbered "S15".
Sport1 Medien AG (previously known as EM.TV & Merchandising AG, EM.Sport Media AG and Constantin Medien AG) is a German international media company that has a strong focus on the sports and entertainment sectors.
It's based in Ismaning near Munich and it operates a multi-channel sports platform in German-speaking countries, including free and pay-TV, online services, social media, and digital radio under the SPORT1 brand, and also offers content solutions, event organizing, and marketing services for sports and entertainment.
The company formerly owned its kids & family entertainment division including its children TV channel Junior TV and its Australian production studio Flying Bark Productions until 2008 & its the former owner of American entertainment company The Jim Henson Company before selling it in 2003.
The Death of Saint Alexius or Saint Alexius Dying is an oil on canvas painting by Pietro da Cortona, created c.
It is held in the Saint Alexis chapel in the Girolamini, Naples.
It shows the dying saint Alexius of Rome holding a letter welcomed by angels — he had left his family and returned to them at the moment of his death, with them only recognising him thanks to the letter.
William Cousins may refer to:
William Cousins (judge) (1927–2018), American lawyer, judge, and member of the Chicago City Council
William Edward Cousins (1902–1988), American Roman Catholic archbishop
William J.
Cousins (1924–2013), American sociologist
William Roy Cousins (1881–1976), American politician
The 1st North Riding Artillery Volunteers was a part-time unit formed in the North Riding of Yorkshire in 1860 in response to an invasion scare.
The unit later became part of the Territorial Force and served on the Western Front during World War I, while their successors served as anti-aircraft gunners in World War II.
The 2019 Bedford Borough Council election took place on 2 May 2019 to elect members of Bedford Borough Council in England.
Bedford Borough Council has been under no overall control since 2010.
The Conservatives defended fifteen seats, Labour defended fourteen, the Liberal Democrats defended nine and independent councillors defended two seats.
Bedford is run by the directly elected Mayor of Bedford, who has been Liberal Democrat Dave Hodgson since 2009.
Following the first round of the 2024 French legislative election on 30 June 2024, runoff elections in each constituency where no candidate received a vote share greater than 50 percent were scheduled for 7 July.
Candidates permitted to stand in the runoff elections needed to either come in first or second place in the first round or achieve more than 12.5 percent of the votes of the entire electorate (as opposed to 12.5 percent of the vote share due to low turnout).
Al Ahly Women's Football Club (Arabic: النادي الأهلي لكرة القدم سيدات), commonly known as Al Ahly FC Women, is an Egyptian professional sports club based in Cairo, Egypt.
The club is mainly known for its professional football team which currently plays in the Egyptian Women's Premier League, the highest tier in the Egyptian football league system.
Asemonea stella is  a species of jumping spider in the genus Asemonea that lives in Kenya, South Africa and Tanzania, and has been introduced to Australia.
It thrives in a wide range of environments, from open farmland to semi-aquatic vegetation.
The spider was first defined in 1980 by Fred Wanless.
The spider is small, between 3.1 and 3.64 mm (0.122 and 0.143 in) long, the female being generally larger than the male.
It has a carapace that is pear-shaped and either yellow in the case of the male or green in the case of the female, measuring between 1.28 and 1.46 mm (0.050 and 0.057 in) in length.The abdomen is whiter, between 1.28 and 1.46 mm (0.050 and 0.057 in) long and has a distinctive star-shaped pattern on the back.
Its copulatory organs help differentiate the species, particularly the furrow on the femoral apophysis of the male palpal bulb and the shallow depression in the middle of the female epigyne.
The Battle of Hanover took place on June 30, 1863, in Hanover in southwestern York County, Pennsylvania, as part of the Gettysburg campaign of the American Civil War.
Stuart's Confederate cavalry, which was riding north to get around the Union Army of the Potomac, attacked a Federal cavalry regiment, driving it through the streets of Hanover.
Elon Farnsworth's brigade arrived and counterattacked, routing the Confederate vanguard and nearly capturing Stuart himself.
Stuart soon counterattacked.
Reinforced by Brig.
Custer's Michigan Brigade, Farnsworth held his ground, and a stalemate ensued.
Stuart was forced to continue north and east to get around the Union cavalry, further delaying his attempt to rejoin Robert E.
Lee's army, which was then concentrating at Cashtown Gap west of Gettysburg.
The Bissa mine is one of the largest gold mines in the Burkina Faso.
The mine is located in the center of the country in Centre-Nord Region.
The mine has estimated reserves of 4.9 million oz of gold and is operated by Nordgold.
Between 2011 and 2013, the villages of Imiougou and Bissa were displaced to make way for the mine before its opening in January 2013.
The Department of Defense Inspector General Medal for Distinguished Service is the highest civilian award given by the United States Department of Defense (DoD) Office of the Inspector General (OIG).
The achievements or service must be exceptional and exceed the requirements of the position the individual holds and should greatly exceed others in a similar position in the OIG.
Job Holmes House is house at 527 Main Street in Calais, Maine.
It was built in 1850 by Dr.
Job Holmes, a prominent local physician, and is a fine local example of Italianate architecture.
It is now owned by the St.
Croix Historic Society, along with Holmes' first house, the Holmes Cottage next door, which is operated as Dr.
Job Holmes Cottage & Museum.
Job Holmes House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
East Rockaway School District is a school district headquartered in East Rockaway, New York.
The district was established in 1924.
The district is the smallest in Nassau County.
In 1992 it had 1,150 students.
At one time the East Rockaway School District proposed paying the Lynbrook Public Schools to have East Rockaway students in grades 7 through 12 attend public schools in Lynbrook; the Lynbrook district rejected the offer.
In 1992 Robert Parry, the superintendent of the East Rockaway district, stated that it was still interested in consolidating with another district.
Edmonton Football Club was a football club based in Edmonton, London, England.
Formed in 1950 by a merger of Tufnell Park and Edmonton Borough, they merged with Haringey Borough in 1973 to form Edmonton & Haringey.
Embrach-Rorbas railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Embrach in the canton of Zurich, Switzerland.
The station takes its name from that municipality, and the adjoining municipality of Rorbas.
It is located on the Winterthur to Koblenz line, within fare zone 123 of the Zürcher Verkehrsverbund (ZVV).
On March 20, 2022, at least 37 people were killed by bandits in the village of Ganar Kiyawa, in Bukkuyum, Zamfara State, Nigeria.
Ixora nigricans, or black ixora, is a plant growing up to a height of 5 metres (16 ft).
It is found as common undergrowth in evergreen forests to dry evergreen forests up to 1,900 m (6,230 ft).
Black ixora is found in throughout the forests of the Western Ghats of India.
Lipowo [liˈpɔvɔ], is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Giby, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.
Norway is a town in Oxford County, Maine, United States.
Norway was included in the Lewiston-Auburn, Maine metropolitan New England city and town area.
The population was 5,077 at the 2020 census.
The town contains the census-designated place of the same name.
It is home to Pennesseewassee Lake, a freshwater lake and recreation area.
Pamela Jean "Pam" Barnes Ewing is a fictional character from the CBS primetime soap opera Dallas.
Pamela is portrayed by actress Victoria Principal, first appearing on the show in the first episode, titled "Digger's Daughter", which was first broadcast on  April 2, 1978.
Dallas follows the trials of the wealthy Ewing family in the city of Dallas, Texas, which Pam has married into.
Principal played Pam until the end of season 10 in 1987, when the character crashes her car into a truck carrying butane and propane and her body is severely burned.
A year later, she was briefly played by actress Margaret Michaels in an attempt to write the character out.
Pamela's storylines in season 1 focus on her relationship with her new husband, Bobby Ewing (Patrick Duffy), and her fight against the considerable suspicion and hostility from within the Ewing family, due to Pamela being a member of the Barnes family.
Pamela's love for Bobby remains a strong character trait throughout her tenure on the show, noted for its similarities to Romeo and Juliet, with two people from hostile families falling in love.
In the early years of Dallas, Principal took measures to add depth to her character.
She initially was very distant from the cast and they assumed she didn't like them.
Series producer Leonard Katzman confronted her about the issue and she said, "I like everybody.
It's just that I want to feel like an outsider, like Pam Barnes does, being married to a Ewing." Principal also took to other ways of improving her character, such as taking voice lessons to perfect a Texas accent.
Her relationship with Patrick Duffy's character, Bobby, was a central component to the show, and when Duffy returned to Dallas in 1986, after being killed off a year earlier, the entire previous year had been written off as Pam's dream.
Principal received positive reviews for her portrayal of Pamela and a Golden Globe nomination in the category of "Best Actress in a Television Series" at the 40th Golden Globe Awards.
She was nominated for a Soap Opera Digest award for "Outstanding Actress in a Leading Role on a Prime Time Serial" in 1986, while also sharing a nomination with Patrick Duffy for "Favorite Super Couple: Prime Time" in 1988.
Hal Erickson of MSN.com opined that Pamela's exit from the series was open ended and left the audience hanging.
The Sakurajima Line (桜島線, Sakurajima-sen) is a railway line in Osaka, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) connecting Nishikujō Station to Sakurajima Station.
It is also referred to as the JR Yumesaki Line (JRゆめ咲線).
The entire line is within Konohana-ku, Osaka, and connects the Osaka Loop Line to Universal Studios Japan (USJ).
The nickname "Yumesaki Line" was determined in a public poll upon the opening of USJ and the Universal City station.
While it was not the first choice, its pleasant sound together with the vision of the area around the Sakurajima Line and USJ being a place where Osaka's dreams were continuing to be born made it the selected choice.
The line is used primarily by a mix of factory workers and tourists.
There is also freight traffic operating between Suita and Ajikawaguchi.
The Talisman is one of the Waverley novels by Sir Walter Scott.
Published in 1825 as the second of his Tales of the Crusaders, it is set during the Third Crusade and centres on the relationship between Richard I of England and Saladin.
Tremendous Sea of Love is the fourth studio album by Passion Pit, self-released on YouTube on March 24, 2017, and later officially released on July 28, 2017.
Frontman and producer Michael Angelakos expressed a desire to embrace authenticity and rawness with the album in interviews.
It was positively received by critics, who noted this intentional rawness and a more mature overall sound compared to the band's previous album, Kindred.
419 Tactical Fighter Training Squadron (French: 419e Escadron d'entraînement à l'appui tactique) was a unit of the Royal Canadian Air Force.
The squadron was originally formed during the Second World War and was most recently based at CFB Cold Lake.
In its latest incarnation it was responsible for advanced tactical fighter training for pilots of the RCAF and as part of the NATO Flying Training in Canada (NFTC) program using nine CT-155 Hawk trainers.
Cottonville is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, Iowa, United States.
Gaius Publicius C.
Malleolus was a man of ancient Rome who was triumvir monetalis in the late 90s BCE, and later served as quaestor to Cn.
Dolabella in Cilicia in 80 BCE.
He died in the province, and was succeeded in his office by Gaius Verres, who also became the tutor of his son.
Malleolus had amassed great wealth in the province by plundering the provincials, and, according to the statement of Cicero in his speech In Verrem, Verres took good care to continue and extend this pattern of behavior.
Cicero further says that Malleolus was actually killed by Verres, but scholars generally consider this an oratorical exaggeration, not a criminal accusation.
Gerris costae is a Palearctic species of  true bug.
It is aquatic.
It is commonly known as the Moorland Pondskater, and has been found in France, Ireland, United Kingdom, The Balkans, and Upper Italy/Switzerland.
It is known to have three apparent subspecies:
Gerris costae costae
Gerris costae fieberi
Gerris costae poissoni
The Housing (Scotland) Act 1950 (14 Geo.
34) was an act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that consolidated enactments relating to housing in Scotland.
Jean-Baptiste de Macarty Macteigue  was a French Navy officer.
He served in the War of American Independence.
The Leader of the Opposition (German: Oppositionsführer, pronounced [ɔpoziˈt͡si̯oːnsˌfyːʁɐ] ) in Germany is the parliamentary leader of the largest political party in the Bundestag that is not in government.
In Germany, the leader of the Opposition is an informal title that is not even mentioned and does not have any formal functions in the by-laws of the Bundestag.
However, the leader of the Opposition is, by convention, the first person to respond to the most senior government spokesperson during a debate.
The title also exists on a state level, but only in the Landtag of Schleswig-Holstein is the position formally recognized as an actual office.
Only three leaders of the Opposition went on to be directly elected Chancellor afterwards: Helmut Kohl (1976–1982), Angela Merkel (2002–2005) and Friedrich Merz (2022–2025).
The Makita River (牧田川, Makita-gawa) is a river in Japan which empties into the Ibi River in Gifu Prefecture.
It which ultimately flows into the Kiso River.
Nancy Mona Carline (née Higgins, 30 November 1909 – 18 October 2004) was a British artist who painted landscapes with figures, portraits, biblical and classical subjects plus groups of figures in domestic settings.
She studied at the Slade School of Art and worked at the Sadlers Wells Ballet and later attended the stage design course at the Slade run by Vladimir Polunin.
In 1950 she married the artist Richard Carline, which placed her at the centre of an artistic circle centred on the Carline family in Hampstead.
Papadakis Publisher is an independent art, architecture and natural science book publisher founded in London, United Kingdom, by Andreas Papadakis and his daughter Alexandra Papadakis.
Since 1968, Papadakis Publisher and its predecessor Academy Editions have published more than a thousand titles, on art, architecture, science and the decorative arts.
Piling Bay is an uninhabited waterway in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
It is located on the west central coast of Baffin Island.
An arm of the Foxe Basin, it contains many small, unnamed islands.
Foley Island and North Tweedsmuir Island lie outside the mouth of the bay to the south / southwest.
Nearby is Angaku'habvik, an Inuit initiation site for angakkuit, intellectual and spiritual figures in Inuit culture.
Pitch is the quality that makes it possible to judge sounds as "higher" and "lower" in the sense associated with musical melodies.
Pitch is a perceptual property that allows sounds to be ordered on a frequency-related scale.
Pitch is a major auditory attribute of musical tones, along with duration, loudness, and timbre.
Pitch may be quantified as a frequency, but pitch is not a purely objective physical property; it is a subjective psychoacoustical attribute of sound.
Historically, the study of pitch and pitch perception has been a central problem in psychoacoustics, and has been instrumental in forming and testing theories of sound representation, processing, and perception in the auditory system.
The Rahat al-sudur wa-ayat al-surur or Rahat al-sudur (Persian: راحة الصدور), is a history of the Great Seljuq Empire, its breakup into minor beys and the subsequent Khwarazmian occupation, written by the Persian historian Muhammad bin Ali Rawandi and finished around 1204/1205.
Rawandi was encouraged and supported in his endeavour by Shihab al-Din al-Kashani.
Written in Persian and originally dedicated to Toghrul III of Seljuq, Rawandi re-dedicated his work to the Sultan of Rum, Kaykhusraw I.
Rouben Azizian is a New Zealand academic of Armenian descent.
He specialises in security studies and international relations in the Asia–Pacific.
He is currently a full professor at Massey University and head of the Auckland branch of the New Zealand Institute of International Affairs.
SheZow is an animated superhero comedy television series created by Obie Scott Wade.
Inspired by Shazam!, the series features the adventures of a boy who inadvertently inherits the role of a superheroine, which imposes an explicitly feminine theme to his costumed appearance and equipment.
It began airing on Network Ten in Australia on 15 December 2012.
The series is aimed at children from 6 to 11 years old.
Produced by Moody Street Kids and Kickstart Productions, it is distributed by DHX Media, and funded in part by Film Victoria.
It was designed by Australian artist Kyla May.
As of December 2013, 52 eleven-minute episodes have been made, which are broadcast in pairs to make one season of 26 half-hour episodes.
In a 2013 interview, Wade expressed interest in making a second season.
In a 2016 interview, Wade mentioned that he went on to start production of season 2 of SheZow at Hub Network with a bigger budget than the first season.
However, after Hub Network went under a major rebranding to Discovery Family, Wade was informed that SheZow season 2's production came to a halt.
However, Wade had mentioned that there would be a comic series of SheZow released under his own company, Obieco Entertainment.
He released the debut Issue of the SheZow comic series sometime in 2015.
Wade had also mentioned that the second issue would release the next year after Issue #1 on Christmas.
As of February 2024, Issue #2 was never published.
The Sony CDP-101 was the world's first commercially released compact disc player.
The system was launched in Japan on October 1, 1982 at a list price of 168,000 yen (approx US$730).
The Japan-only launch was partially because Philips, Sony's partner in the development of the CD format, was unable to meet the original agreed launch date.
Rather than agree to a full postponement, Sony agreed to delay the launch of the format outside Japan by six months.
The Philips CD100 launched in the US and European markets in March 1983, although early Philips players contained some Sony components.
In line with the agreement, the system was launched worldwide in March 1983.
Temnikovsky District (Russian: Те́мниковский райо́н; Moksha: Темникавонь аймак, Temnikavoń ajmak; Erzya: Чополтбуе, Čopoltbuje) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-two in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.
It is located in the northwest of the republic.
The area of the district is 1,936.8 square kilometers (747.8 sq mi).
Its administrative center is the town of Temnikov.
As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 17,261, with the population of Temnikov accounting for 42.0% of that number.
The Traitor is a Caroline era stage play, a tragedy written by James Shirley.
Along with The Cardinal, The Traitor is widely considered to represent the finest of Shirley's efforts in the genre, and to be among the best tragedies of its period.
"It is impossible to find a more successful drama of its type than Shirley's Traitor."
The Traitor was licensed for performance by Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels, on 4 May 1631, and was acted by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre.
The play was entered in the Stationers' Register on 30 November 1634, and published in 1635 by the printer William Cooke, with a dedication by Shirley to William Cavendish, 1st Duke of Newcastle.
In creating the character of Sciarrha, Shirley may have been influenced by Foreste in Sir William Davenant's The Cruel Brother (1627).
Shirley's source for the play's subplot was the account of the murder of Buondelmonte in Le istoire fiorentine by Niccolò Machiavelli.
The play was revived during the Restoration era, in November 1660.
King Charles II saw a public performance on 10 October 1661, a performance witnessed by Samuel Pepys.
An adaptation of The Traitor was published in 1692, under its original title, but with the authorship credited to a "Mr.
Rivers." The play was revived twice in the early 18th century, once in 1703–1704 and again in 1718.
The latter version, printed anonymously in 1718 as The Traitor, is attributed to Christopher Bullock, and contains a number of alterations from the original.
In 1819, Richard Lalor Sheil produced an adaptation of The Traitor called Evadne, which was popular in both England and the United States.
WRIQ (89.7 MHz) is a National Public Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Charles City, Virginia, serving the Richmond–Petersburg area.
WRIQ is part of the Radio IQ network, simulcasting the NPR news and talk programming of flagship WVTF.
WRIQ is owned by Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (Virginia Tech) through its fundraising arm, the Virginia Tech Foundation.
The York Cold War Bunker is a two-storey, semi-subterranean, Cold War bunker in the Holgate area of York, England, built in 1961 to monitor nuclear explosions and fallout in Yorkshire, in the event of nuclear war.
One of about 30 around the United Kingdom, the building was used throughout its operational existence as the regional headquarters and control centre for the Royal Observer Corps's No.
20 Group YORK between 1961 and 1991.
It has become an English Heritage Scheduled Monument and was opened in 2006 by English Heritage as a tourist attraction.
During its Cold War operational period, the building could have supported 60 local volunteer members of the Royal Observer Corps, inclusive of a ten-man United Kingdom Warning and Monitoring Organisation scientific warning team.
They would have collated details of nuclear bombs exploded within the UK and tracked radioactive fallout across the Yorkshire region, warning the public of its approach.
This example of an ROC control building is the only one that is preserved in its operational condition.
The others stand derelict or have either been demolished or sold.
A few have been converted to other uses, like No.
16 Group Shrewsbury that is now a veterinary clinic, another is a recording studio, two are satellite and communications control centres, and one is a solicitor's file storage facility.
The fully restored building contains air filtration and generating plant, kitchen and canteen, dormitories, radio and landline communication equipment and specialist 1980s computers and a fully equipped operations room with vertical illuminated perspex maps.
Aberdeenshire or the County of Aberdeen (Scots: Coontie o Aiberdeen, Scottish Gaelic: Siorrachd Obar Dheathain) is a historic county in Scotland.
The county gives its name to the modern Aberdeenshire council area, which covers a larger area than the historic county.
The historic county ceased to be used for local government purposes in 1975, but its boundaries are still used for certain functions, being a registration county.
The area of the historic county excluding the Aberdeen City council area is also a lieutenancy area.
The area is generally hilly.
The south-west of the county includes part of the Grampian Mountains.
The historic county borders Kincardineshire, Angus and Perthshire to the south, Inverness-shire and Banffshire to the west, and the North Sea to the north and east.
Aculco is a station along Line 8 of the metro of Mexico City.
It is located under the bridge where the Trabajadoras Sociales (Eje 6 Sur) passes over the Eje 3 Ote in the Colonia Pueblo Aculco neighborhood of the Iztapalapa borough of Mexico City.
The station's logo is a water wave in a canal.
In Nahuatl it means "where the water twists".
The name is also the name of the Aculco municipality in the State of Mexico.
Bear Park Township is a township in Norman County, Minnesota, United States.
The population was 209 at the 2000 census.
Bear Park Township was organized in 1881.
Canada competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany, held from 26 August to 11 September 1972.
208 competitors, 158 men and 50 women, took part in 136 events in 18 sports.
As the country hosted the next Olympics in Montreal, the Canadian flag was raised at the closing ceremony.
Chlorophthalmus is a genus of greeneyes
The species is distinguished by a silvery gray body with black spots and dark crossbar traces, a lower jaw that ends in a peculiar horizontal plate with spine-like processes, and other unique characteristics including body part sizes and proportions.
At depths of 200 to 500 metres (660 to 1,640 ft), C.
corniger is mostly found in the northern part of the Indian Ocean, extending from southern Java, Indonesia, to Somalia.
The Committee for Justice and Peace in the Holy Land was an organization founded in February 1948 by Virginia Gildersleeve and Kermit Roosevelt Jr., for the purpose of lobbying the Truman administration to oppose the creation of the State of Israel and to lobby the United Nations to "reconsider its disastrous decision" to divide the land west of the Jordan River into two states: one Jewish and one Arab.
Roscoe Franklin "Duke" Cumberland (1913 – October 23, 1966) was a member of the Harlem Globetrotters.
He averaged 6.9 points per game in the National Basketball League for the Chicago Studebaker Flyers.
Felice Pazner Malkin (Hebrew: פליס פזנר מלכין; 1928/1929 – July 2022) was an American-born Israeli artist.
She was on the faculty of the Society for Humanistic Judaism.
Hoàng Hồng Cẩm (1959 in Hanoi – 27 October 2011), was a Vietnamese painter.
He has exhibited solo paintings in many countries.
He is the son of painter Hoàng Lập Ngôn.
Cam graduated from Hanoi Industrial Fine Arts College in 1983.
He is a member of the Hanoi Fine Arts Association and the Vietnam Fine Arts Association.
Kebnekaise (Swedish pronunciation: [kɛbnɛˈkâjsɛ]; from Sami Giebmegáisi or Giebnegáisi, "Cauldron Crest") is the highest mountain in Sweden.
The Kebnekaise massif, which is part of the Scandinavian mountain range, has two main peaks.
The glaciated southern peak used to be the highest at 2,120 metres (6,960 ft) above sea level, but has shrunk by 24 meters during the last 50 years, making the northern icefree peak at 2,096.8 metres (6,879 ft) the highest.
Kebnekaise lies in Swedish Lapland, about 150 kilometres (93 mi) north of the Arctic Circle and west of Kiruna near the Kungsleden hiking trail between Abisko and Hemavan.
Kuri language may refer to:
One of the Yuin–Kuric languages, mainly extinct Australian Aboriginal languages
Kuri language (Austronesian), of New Guinea
Kuri language (Chadic), a dialect of Yedina language
Kuri-Dou language, of Brazil
Marcus Dods may refer to:
Marcus Dods (musician) (1918–1984), British musician and composer
Marcus Dods (theologian born 1786) (1786–1838), Scottish minister and theological writer
Marcus Dods (theologian born 1834) (1834–1909), Scottish divine and biblical scholar
Matt Furstenburg (born June 19, 1989) is an American former football tight end.
He played college football at the University of Maryland.
He signed as an undrafted free agent with the Baltimore Ravens in 2014.
Miseno is one of the frazioni of the municipality of Bacoli in the Italian Province of Naples.
Known in ancient Roman times as Misenum, it is the site of a great Roman port.
The Atlantic Coast Line Railroad's Myrtle Beach Branch was a railroad line that at its greatest extent ran from company's main line in Elrod, North Carolina south to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
The Atlantic Coast Line used the branch for freight and transport passengers to Myrtle Beach, which was becoming a popular tourist destination.
Nora Fernandes (born 18 June 1998) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Indian Super League club SC Delhi.
Office Hall is a historic plantation house located at King George Court House, King George County, Virginia.
The remaining buildings are a two-story detached kitchen, built about 1805–1820, and a large, pyramidal-roofed smokehouse.
Also on the property is a non-contributing, commodious two-story frame farmhouse built about 1916–18, and a number of 20th century farm outbuildings.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Rhynchostylis gigantea is a species of orchid.
This species was first described in 1896 by John Lindley and is native to Borneo, Myanmar, Thailand, Peninsular Malaysia, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, China (Hainan) and the Philippines.
Rhynchostylis differs from Vanda by the one-lobed lip.
Rhynchostylis are also commonly called foxtail orchids because of their long, thin, densely packed inflorescences that get up to 37 centimetres (15 in) with sweetly fragrant blooms.
The inflorescences appear in autumn and winter.
Due to the wide distribution of Rhynchostylis gigantea, there is a range of different clones: flowers vary slightly in shape and colour (from white to dark red, with spotted forms).
Unlike Vanda species, they need indirect light.
Rhynchostylis gigantea are best grown in a wood-slat basket with little or no potting material and will grow massive fleshy roots entangled throughout the basket if given uniform water and fertilizer.
The plants are warm- to hot-growing.
it is the state flower of the Indian state of Assam where it is known as kopouful (কপৌফুল) in Assamese.
Twarogi Lackie [tfaˈrɔɡi ˈlat͡skʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Five Polish citizens were murdered by Nazi Germany in the village during World War II.
Yngve Wieland (born 9 November 1983) is a musician, singer, and songwriter, based in London, United Kingdom.
Born in Kaiserslautern, Germany and originally based in Cliffony in County Sligo, Yngve began working as a solo artist in Ireland, releasing two EPs and one album between 2006 and 2009.
Album track "Little Boy" from second EP Tell Men This was nominated in the "Best Solo Male" category at the inaugural Irish Music Television Awards in 2009, following its selection by Irish music magazine Hot Press to have a video made for it by Kellye Carnahan, a student at New York Tisch School of the Arts.
Following the 2008 release of Tell Men This Yngve, he moved from Dublin to Clapton in London and formed his band "The Innocent" with his brother Demian Wieland, pianist Ned Cartwright and bass player Palmi Gunnlaugur Hjaltason.
2009 EP Have You No Love features most of "The Innocent".
Releases from 2010 onwards have been credited to "Yngve & The Innocent", signifying the increasing influence of the band on Yngve's work.
In January 2010, Palmi Hjaltason left "The Innocent", having recorded the material for new EP release Nothing Was Delivered Palmi was replaced by Simon Brown on bass.
The band appeared at Secret Garden Party and BBC Blast as well as touring Ireland extensively.
2011 saw the release of the single "Draw A Line" and further touring.
Festival appearances included slots at Barn on the Farm, Aeon Festival and Navan Live; they have also featured regularly at The Windmill, Brixton and at The Elgin pub on Ladbroke Grove.
Yngve has made over 300 appearances as an artist.
Blue Creek, also Blue Creek Colony, is a Mennonite settlement that is also an administrative village in Orange Walk District in Belize.
It borders Blue Creek river, which forms the border to Mexico.
Its inhabitants are Plautdietsch-speaking Russian Mennonites.
In 1958 Blue Creek was founded by Old Colony Mennonites from Mexico.
Disputes about the use of mechanical tools, especially chain saws, soon led to conflicts, which resulted in the founding of an Evangelical Mennonite Mission Conference congregation in 1966 there, while others left to Bolivia, Mexico and Canada.
In the end also the leaders of the Old Colony church left, forcing members to decide whether they would leave with them or join other groups.
In 1978 families of the Kleine Gemeinde congregation from Spanish Lookout population moved to Blue Creek, to form a congregation there.
Today about half of population is in the modern Evangelical Mennonite Mission Church, which is part of the Evangelical Mennonite Mission Conference, while the other half is in the more conservative Kleine Gemeinde.
Since about 1980 the population of Blue Creek is around 100 families.
According to the 2010 census, Blue Creek had a population of 407 people in 111 households.
The population has more than doubled between 2010 and 2022 censuses, reaching 841 as of 2022.
Capsus ater, known as the black plant bug, is a species of bug in the Miridae family that likely originated in North America, but that is now found in Europe and across the Palearctic to Siberia and in North America.
Capsus ater is found in dry to moderately moist, open to partially shaded habitats  In the Alps it rises to over 2000 meters above sea level.
The bugs live on different grasses (Poaceae) and do not seem to have any particular preference for certain species or genera.
Chan Chich Airstrip (ICAO: MZGJ) is an airport serving the Chan Chich Lodge and the Gallon Jug Estate in the Orange Walk District of Belize.
The airport is 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of the border with Guatemala.
The Belize VOR-DME (Ident: BZE) is located 42.0 nautical miles (78 km) east of the runway.
Charles Christopher Keyser (6 December 1871 – 30 October 1965) was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1904 to 1905.
Born at a timber station in Busselton, Charles Keyser was the son of American timber contractor and master builder Charles Donat Keyser.
Apprenticed in the printing trade, he followed a variety of professions in his youth.
On 21 April 1898, he married Lucy Sanderson in Ballarat, Victoria.
They had three sons and five daughters.
In 1898, Keyser was appointed assistant to the Town Clerk of the Town of Albany, serving as acting Town Clerk in 1901.
Keyser became active in the Labour movement, joining the Labor Party and helping to form an Albany branch of the Political Labour League.
At the June 1904 election, he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly seat of Albany.
He held the seat until the election of 27 October 1905, when he was defeated by Edward Barnett.
From 1906 to 1911, Keyser was secretary of the Greenbushes Road Board.
He was then Town Clerk of the Municipality of Wagin until 1929, during which time he unsuccessfully contested the Legislative Assembly seat of Wagin at the 1917 election.
He was secretary of the Murray Road Board from 1929 until his retirement in 1935.
He then moved to Victoria, dying at Bentleigh on 30 October 1965.
Ellen Roberts (born 8 April 1992) is an Australian, former collegiate, right-handed professional softball pitcher.
Roberts played for Ogaki Minamo in the Japan Diamond Softball League.
On the World stage, Roberts represents Australia and was part of the 2020 Olympic Team.
During National competition, she represents New South Wales where she has won 10 national championships.
Roberts has also played Softball in Italy, The Netherlands, Czech Republic, USA and New Zealand.
HECT, C2 and WW domain containing E3 ubiquitin protein ligase 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the HECW2 gene.
Hannah Lewis (born 29 January 1984) is an Australian basketball player.
She has joined a Women's National Basketball League (WNBL) team for the 2005/2006 season when she played for the Perth Lynx.
She has subsequently played for the Canberra Capitals in the same league.
She has also played for the Canberra Nationals in the Waratah Basketball League.
Henri De Wolf (17 August 1936 – 12 January 2023) was a Belgian cyclist.
Hotkovci is a village in the Municipality of Glamoč in Canton 10 of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Howard and Harold McBride are a pair of fictional supporting characters in the American animated television series The Loud House and its resulting multimedia franchise on Nickelodeon.
Howard is voiced by Michael McDonald and Harold was voiced by Wayne Brady until 2022 when he was replaced by Khary Payton.
Their first appearance was in "Overnight Success", following an episode in which they were only mentioned ("A Tale of Two Tables").
The McBrides are significant as the first married gay couple to be featured in a Nickelodeon animated series.
The McBrides are notably also an interracial couple.
Their introduction into the series was described as remarkable and caused a boost in ratings for the show.
Howard and Harold are the adoptive gay fathers of Clyde McBride, who is a main character and the best friend of protagonist Lincoln Loud.
Clyde's birth parents have never been seen.
They shower Clyde with attention and rarely let him do anything unsupervised.
Howard is sensitive and neurotic, often getting overemotional while watching Clyde grow up.
Harold's parenting style contrasts with Howard's; he is calm, collected, and concerned with Clyde's safety and health above everything else, but also a little more willing to be lenient.
The McBrides serve as foils to Lincoln's less worrisome parents.
The characters have been met with praise from television critics and fans for being a positive representation of an interracial gay married couple.
Positive reviews of the series have also called attention to the lack of focus placed on their sexual orientations, as well as their depiction as fit and capable LGBT parents.
The characters' portrayals have received accolades and nominations from organizations including GLAAD, NAMIC, and South Florida Gay News.
However, the introduction of the characters resulted in some controversy and censorship of the series.
Jesse Jeremiah is a Nauruan politician.
John Lee (born 23 May 1986) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-back for the Galway senior hurling team.
An All-Ireland-winning captain in the minor grade, Lee made his first appearance for the senior team during the 2007 championship and became a regular member of the team over the next four seasons.
During that time he failed to claim any honours at senior level.
At club level Lee plays with the Liam Mellows club.
While a medical student at NUI Galway he won a Fitzgibbon Cup in 2010, having campaigned for the University team for six years, including being part of the side that had lost the 2007 final.
He was conferred with a M.B.
B.Ch., B.A.O.
at a ceremony in the University in June 2010.
Louis Sussmann-Hellborn (born as Ludwig Sussmann March 20, 1828 – August 15, 1908), also spelled Louis Sußmann-Hellborn, was a German sculptor, painter, art collector and contractor.
Mariette Hansson (born 23 January 1983), sometimes credited as MaryJet or simply Mariette, is a Swedish singer and songwriter.
Hansson participated in Sikta mot stjärnorna (Swedish pre-selection for European Soundmix Show) in 1999 imitating singer Amanda Marshall.
She participated in Idol 2009 which was broadcast on TV4 and finished fourth.
A year later, Hansson was announced as "homo of the year" at the QX Gaygala in Stockholm.
Milko may refer to:
Milkó, a commune in Vrancea County, Romania
Milko (name)
Milko (Swedish cooperative), Sweden's largest native producer of dairy products
Somebody who operated a milk run
Nicholas Carent was the Dean of Wells from 1446 to 1467.
The Agreement on Reconciliation, Non-Aggression, and Exchanges and Cooperation Between South and North Korea (Korean: 남북사이의 화해와 불가침 및 교류·협력에 관한 합의서), also known as the South-North Basic Agreement (남북 기본합의서), was an agreement that aimed to regulate the relations between the two states to promote peaceful coexistence and cooperation on the Korean Peninsula.
It was signed on December 13, 1991 by representatives of North Korea and South Korea and went into effect on February 19, 1992.
The agreement focused on three spheres of diplomacy in the Korean Peninsula.
Reconciliation would ensure both sides were committed to coexisting side by side without interfering in each other's domestic affairs, international competition or sabotage (articles 1–6).
The Non-aggression section of the agreement laid steps to prevent escalation of disputes by opening channels of direct communication, promoting demilitarisation, and building trust  (articles 9–10).
Finally, the section on Exchanges and Cooperation of the agreement hoped to facilitate economic cooperation, trade, and cultural exchanges.
It included provisions for freer transit of people, goods, and ideas between the two sides (articles 15–23).
The talks were part of a broader set of north–south discussions and demilitarisation efforts that intensified towards the end of the Cold War.
Negotiations formally began in 1990, with five rounds of high-level talks between Seoul (South Korea) and Pyongyang (North Korea) before the agreement was finalized in 1991.
The discussions were conducted alongside negotiations on the Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, which was signed in January 1992.
Since 2023, North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un has expressed North Korea's intention designate South Korea as a hostile country, representing a set back of over three decades for the non-aggression and cooperation between the two countries.
The Eastern Company is an American engineering and manufacturing company headquartered in Naugatuck, Connecticut.
The company operates in three segments: Industrial Hardware; Security Products; Metal Products.
As of November, 2013 the company owned four main subsidiaries namely Eberhard Hardware Manufacturing (Canada); Sesamee Mexicana (Mexico); World Lock Co.
(Taiwan); World Security Industries (Hong Kong).
The Young-Rainey Science Technology and Research Center, or Young-Rainey STAR Center is a high-technology and manufacturing center located in Pinellas County, Florida, United States.
It currently houses over 30 businesses, which include a variety of administrative and light manufacturing operations, leased by the county's industrial development authority.
It is named after Florida congressman Bill Young and Pinellas County Commissioner Charles Rainey,
The STAR Center is the former site of the Pinellas Plant, a nuclear weapon component manufacturing facility operated by the United States Department of Energy (DOE).
It produced radioisotope-powered electronic components for the United States nuclear weapons program.
Zderaz is a municipality and village in Chrudim District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.
It has about 300 inhabitants.
Abdullah I (ʿAbdallāh bin ʿUthmān), called Abdullah Bikur, was mai (ruler) of the Kanem–Bornu Empire in the late 12th century, ruling approximately 1177–1194.
Alysha Eveline Newman (born June 29, 1994) is a Canadian track and field athlete who specializes in the pole vault.
She is an Olympic bronze medallist and Commonwealth Games gold medallist, and holds both the Canadian national and Commonwealth Games records in the women's pole vault.
Newman won the bronze medal at the 2024 Summer Olympics and the gold medal at the 2018 Commonwealth Games champion.
She is a three-time Olympian and represented Canada at the 2016, 2020, and 2024 Summer Olympics.
Her Olympic bronze medal made her the first Canadian woman to medal in pole vaulting at the Olympics, while her vault of 4.85 metres at the Olympics also set a new Canadian national record.
In February 2026, Newman was provisionally suspended by the Athletics Integrity Unit for whereabouts failures, due to missing three drug tests within a 12-month period.
This is an incomplete list of documented attempts to assassinate Adolf Hitler.
All attempts occurred in the German Reich, except where noted.
No fewer than 42 plots have been uncovered by historians.
However, the true number cannot be accurately determined due to an unknown number of undocumented cases.
Cefn Carnedd is an Iron Age hillfort, about 1.5 miles (2 km) south-west of Caersws, in Powys, Wales.
It is a scheduled monument.
It is on a hill overlooking the River Severn to the east, and Afon Cerist and Afon Trannon to the north; there is a river confluence to the north-east, between the fort and Caersws.
Charles John Brydges (23 February 1827 in London, England – 16 February 1889 in Winnipeg) was the son of Thomas and Mary Brydges.
He was baptized on 30 May 1827 at Saint Leonards, Shoreditch, London, England.
As a young man he learned railway management with the London and South Western Railway.
In 1852 he came to British North America to become the managing director of the Great Western Railroad which was incorporated to build a line from Burlington Bay to Lake Huron.
From 1862 to 1874 he was general manager of the competing Grand Trunk Railway.
Afterwards he became one of the Commissioners of the Intercolonial Railway which connected Montreal, Quebec, with Halifax, Nova Scotia.
From 1879 until his death he was a Land Commissioner for the Hudson's Bay Company in Winnipeg.
The town Mount Brydges, Ontario, is named in his honour.
Dan Rafael ( RAY-fee-əl; born August 25, 1970) is an American sportswriter known for his coverage of boxing and baseball.
Descent from the Cross by Torchlight is a print by Rembrandt in etching and drypoint, produced in 1652.
Only one state of the work is known, with copies in major collections including the Rijksmuseum, British Museum, and Rembranthuis.
It is signed and dated at the bottom right.
It was assigned the number B.
83 by Adam von Bartsch.
Some late impressions of the work are on Japanese paper, which Rembrandt used more and more from 1650 onwards.
The depiction of the shadows on the plate was modified after the artist's death.
The Dornier Do 217 was a bomber used by the German Luftwaffe during World War II.
It was a more powerful development of the Dornier Do 17, known as the Fliegender Bleistift (German: "flying pencil").
Designed in 1937–1938 as a heavy bomber but not meant to be capable of the longer-range missions envisioned for the larger Heinkel He 177, the Do 217 design was refined during 1939 and production began in late 1940.
It entered service in early 1941 and by the beginning of 1942 was available in significant numbers.
The Dornier Do 217 had a much larger bomb load and a much greater range than the Do 17.
In later variants, dive bombing and maritime strike capabilities using glide bombs were experimented with, considerable success being achieved.
Early Do 217 variants were more powerful than the contemporary Heinkel He 111 and Junkers Ju 88, having a greater speed, range and bomb load.
Owing to this it was called a heavy bomber rather than a medium bomber.
The Do 217 served on all fronts in all roles.
On the Eastern Front and Western Front it was used as a strategic bomber, torpedo bomber and reconnaissance aircraft.
It was also used for tactical operations, either direct ground assault or anti-shipping strikes during the Battle of the Atlantic and Battle of Normandy.
The Do 217 was also converted to become a night fighter and saw considerable action in the Defence of the Reich campaign until late in the war.
The type also served in anti-shipping units in the Mediterranean, attacking Allied convoys and naval units during the Battle of the Mediterranean.
In 1943, the Do 217 was the first aircraft to deploy precision-guided munitions in combat, when Fritz X radio-guided bombs sank the Italian battleship Roma in the Mediterranean.
After the end of the war, at least one Dornier Do 217 continued in military operational service with the Swiss Air Force until 1946.
Dyampur  is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.
It is located in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district, Raichur.
Previously a part of Salar Jung's jagir, which included most of Koppal and Yelburga taluks in erstwhile Hyderabad state.
This village was also birthplace of "Kaviratna" Chennakavi, Pandit Kallinathakavi and poet Kavyananda.
Grand Canyon West Airport (IATA: GCW, FAA LID: 1G4) is a public airport 60 miles (52 nmi; 97 km) northwest of Peach Springs, in Mohave County, Arizona, United States.
It is owned and operated by the Hualapai tribe and is on the Hualapai Indian Reservation.
Federal Aviation Administration records say the airport had 137,771 commercial passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2017.
The FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2007–2011 classified it as commercial service - primary because it has over 10,000 passenger boardings per year.
Henri Martelli (25 February 1895 – 15 July 1980) was a 20th-century French composer.
Ipswich City Bulls Football Club, also known as The Bulls, was a grassroots football club in Ipswich, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Founded in 1975, the club merged with Western Pride FC in 2023 to form Ipswich FC.
The men's team finished competition in Football Brisbane – Capital League.
In addition to league competition, the club offered youth development pathways.
"The Bulls" local rivals were Ipswich Knights and Western Spirit.
Isotopomers or isotopic isomers are isomers which differ by isotopic substitution, and which have the same number of atoms of each isotope but in a different arrangement.
For example, CH3OD and CH2DOH are two isotopomers of monodeuterated methanol.
The molecules may be either structural isomers (constitutional isomers) or stereoisomers depending on the location of the isotopes.
Isotopomers have applications in areas including nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, reaction kinetics, and biochemistry.
Issa Album is the debut studio album by rapper 21 Savage.
It was released on July 7, 2017, through Slaughter Gang Entertainment and distributed by Epic Records.
The album features production from frequent collaborator Metro Boomin, alongside Southside, Pi'erre Bourne, Zaytoven, Wheezy, DJ Mustard and 21 Savage himself.
It succeeds 21 Savage's collaborative EP with Metro Boomin, Savage Mode (2016).
Issa Album was supported by the lead single, "Bank Account".
The album charted at number two on the US Billboard 200, and received generally positive reviews from critics.
John Wood (January 2, 1947-May 4, 2022) was an American poet, historian of photography, scholar and critic.
Wood is Professor Emeritus of English literature and photographic history at McNeese State University, where he founded and directed its MFA in creative writing for more than twenty-five years.
Ola Volo (born 1989) is a Kazakh Canadian artist, best known as a public muralist.
Her style blends aspects of Eastern European folk art with a focus on pattern and narrative to depict fantasy scenes.
Born in Kazakhstan, she moved to Canada with her family at age 10, and studied art at Emily Carr University of Art and Design.
Volo has been commissioned by companies like Hootsuite, Lululemon, and Starbucks and has created numerous works around the Vancouver area where she previously resided.
In 2021, Volo was asked to create mural to bring awareness to the rise of abuse against women due to COVID-19.
Our Lady of Placeres Church (Galician: Igrexa da Nosa Señora dos Praceres) is a Catholic church in the civil parish of Lourizán, municipality of Pontevedra, Galicia, Spain.
The church was built at the end of the 19th century in neo-Gothic style over a previous chapel at the end of the harbour bar.
Stavertsi Ridge (Bulgarian: Ставерски хребет, ‘Staverski Hrebet’ \'sta-ver-ski 'hre-bet\) is the mostly ice-covered ridge rising to 1169 m (Mount Cabeza) on Albena Peninsula, Brabant Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.
The feature extends 11 km in east-west direction and 4.7 km in north-south direction, and is connected to Stribog Mountains to the west by Viamata Saddle.
It surmounts Paré Glacier to the northwest, and has its north and south slopes drained by Chumerna Glacier and Grigorov Glacier respectively.
The ridge is named after the settlement of Stavertsi in Northern Bulgaria.
Bennett D.D.
(1803–1897) was an Irish Carmelite priest, who served as provincial of the order, and also as president of All Hallows College, Dublin.
Thomas Albertus Bennett (sometimes called Albert Bennett) was born at Arless, County Laois in 1803, he entered the Carmelite order and went to study in University of Louvain, Belgium.
Bennett, served as a chaplain in the South Dublin Union, and was appointed provincial in 1852, he founded a day school and seminary in Dominick Street, Dublin in 1854, and Terenure College was also founded during his tenure as provincial of the order.
He served as provincial until 1864 when he was succeeded by Fr.
Bennett taught at the Missionary All Hallows College, serving as president of the college from 1861 until 1866, he spent over 30 years as a professor at the college.
He retired to Terenure College,  where he died, on 2 November 1897.
Świdwie may refer to the following places in Poland:
Świdwie, a lake in north-western Poland
Świdwie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-central Poland)
Świdwie, Gmina Sośno in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-central Poland)
The 1959 Baltimore Orioles season was the franchise's sixth season in Baltimore, Maryland, and its 59th overall.
It resulted with the Orioles finishing sixth in the American League with a record of 74 wins and 80 losses, 22 games behind the AL champion Chicago White Sox.
Grigor Dimitrov was the defending champion, but chose not to participate this year.
Guillermo García López won the title, defeating Jiří Veselý in the final, 7–6(7–5), 7–6(13–11).
The 2019 Atlantic 10 men's soccer tournament, was the 22nd edition of the Atlantic 10 Men's Soccer Tournament.
It determined the Atlantic 10 Conference's automatic berth into the 2019 NCAA Division I men's soccer tournament.
The tournament was held from November 9 to November 17, 2019.
The semifinal and finals were hosted by Fordham University with matches being played at Coffey Field in The Bronx, New York.
Rhode Island were the defending tournament champions, and successfully defended their title, beating Dayton, 1–0, in the championship.
Rhode Island would go on to be eliminated by Syracuse in the opening round of the NCAA Tournament.
Year 402 (CDII) was a common year starting on Wednesday of the Julian calendar.
At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Arcadius and Honorius (or, less frequently, year 1155 Ab urbe condita).
The denomination 402 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
A data island is a data store, such as on a PDA or other computing device, that has non-existent or limited external connectivity.
This limits the ability of the user to synchronize with or copy the data to other devices.
Though new data can be added to the system, the ability to move that data elsewhere is impractical or impossible.
Data islands, in general, contain a very huge set of data relative to its small physical space that it occupies.
The connectivity here does not necessarily imply a hardware interface.
For example, it may be a result of poorly written system interface software.
A data island is a subset of entities that are connected to each other via relationships, but that are independent of other entities within the same data store.
David Pretty (born 2 April 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Recruited from Wodonga, Pretty spent five seasons at North Melbourne, either in defence or on the wing.
He then joined the Perth Football Club and starred for them in the 1974 Grand Final, sharing the Simpson Medal with East Fremantle's Gary Gibellini, despite finishing on the losing team.
Edinburgh East Lothian Shinty Club was a sports club, a shinty club which played in the South Division Shinty League, based in Musselburgh, East Lothian.
They were formerly known as Musselburgh Camanachd until 2000.
In 2007 they withdrew from the league due to team-raising difficulties.
The club is currently dormant.
Emmaline Fanchon Tillman, (née Faust; November 22, 1892 – January 28, 2007) was an American supercentenarian and, for a few days, the world's oldest living person until she died aged 114 years and 67 days.
Gjon Muzaka (fl.
1510; Italian: Giovanni Musachi di Berat) was an Albanian nobleman from the Muzaka family, that has historically ruled in the Myzeqe region, Albania.
In 1510 he wrote the Muzaka chronicles (a Breve memoria de li discendenti de nostra casa Musachi.
The work was published in Karl Hopf's Chroniques gréco-romaines, Paris 1873, pp.
270–340.
According to his memoirs, Gjon's father died before Ottomans captured Berat in 1417.
Great Oak High School is a public high school at the base of Wolf Valley in Temecula, California, US, in the Temecula Valley Unified School District.
In 2009 and 2010, Great Oak High School was listed in Newsweek's annual top 1000 high schools in America.
As of 2024, GOHS is ranked #973 nationally and ranked 129th in the State of California.
Great Oak High School has been a California Distinguished School since 2009 and is also a California Gold Ribbon School.
In addition to Advanced Placement courses, Great Oak offers the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme.
It has been an IB World School since 2006.
James Roosevelt I (July 16, 1828 – December 8, 1900), known as "Squire James", was an American businessman, politician, horse breeder, and the father of Franklin D.
Roosevelt, the 32nd President of the United States.
Mimetes hottentoticus is an evergreen, upright shrub of 1.5–3 m (5–10 ft) high from the family Proteaceae.
It has silvery, broadly egg-shaped to egg-shaped leaves with three small teeth crowded at the tip.
The flower heads and subtending leaves form a cylindric inflorescence, topped with a tuft of smaller, more or less upright silvery or pinkish leaves.
Each flowerhead contains 8–12 flowers with conspicuously red styles, that are all parallel, projected straight up, pushing against the leaf subtending the higher flowerhead.
The styles end in a short white zone topped by a thick blackish pollen presenter.
Flowers can usually be found from January till March, few may persist into May.
It is called silver pagoda or matchstick pagoda in English and Hottentotstompie in Afrikaans.
Nicholas Mark Catania (born 18 December 1945) is a former Australian politician.
Catania served as Mayor of the City of Vincent in inner-city Perth between 2001 and 2011.
He was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly for the Electoral district of Balcatta between 1989 and 1996.
Catania was born in Castell'Umberto, Sicily, Italy and is the father of Labor politician Steve Catania and National Party politician Vince Catania.
Noel Hill, 1st Baron Berwick (16 April 1745 – 6 January 1789), was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1768 to 1784 when he was raised to the peerage.
Palamede Gattilusio (c.
1389–1455) was the Lord of Ainos from 1409 to his death, succeeding his great-uncle Niccolò.
He was a younger son of Francesco II of Lesbos.
During the early years of his reign over Ainos, the city prospered, as attested by six inscriptions which survived into the 20th century.
The churches of the Chrysopege and of St.
Nicholas were erected at that time.
It was also during his tenure that Samothrace came into the possession of the Gattilusio family, for when Bertrandon de la Broquiere visited Ainos in 1433, he wrote that Samothrace was part of Palamede's lands.
Ryedale School, opened in 1953, is a coeducational secondary school located in Beadlam, North Yorkshire, England.
The school provides for pupils aged 11 to 16, and has a capacity enrolment of 750.
The school achieves higher than average GCSE results.
In 2012 the school was inspected by Ofsted and was rated Grade 1 (outstanding) for overall effectiveness.
The school has represented both the County and Region at sport, music and interpretive dance; including National Youth Orchestras.
Every year the school performs a carol service in the Church of All Saints, Helmsley.
Previously a community school administered by North Yorkshire County Council, in February 2021 Ryedale School converted to academy status.
Scottish usually refers to something of, from, or related to Scotland, including:
Scottish Gaelic, a Celtic Goidelic language of the Indo-European language family native to Scotland
Scottish English
Scottish national identity, the Scottish identity and common culture
Scottish people, a nation and ethnic group native to Scotland
Scots language, a West Germanic language spoken in lowland Scotland
Symphony No.
3 (Mendelssohn), a symphony by Felix Mendelssohn known as the Scottish
This is a timeline of Black people and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and the views of top LDS leaders around Black people.
The history of Black people in the LDS Church has been characterized by periods of changing policies and teachings around skin color, Black enslavement, and temple and priesthood eligibility.
A racial restriction on temple and priesthood ordinances for Black people was removed in 1978.
What began during Mormonism founder Joseph Smith's lifetime as an estimated 100 free and enslaved Black Mormons, has grown to an estimated 400,000 to one million Black LDS Church adherents worldwide as of 2019.
Tivadar Puskás de Ditró (in older English technical literature: Theodore Puskás)  (17 September 1844 – 16 March 1893) was a Hungarian inventor, telephone pioneer, and inventor of the telephone exchange.
He was also the founder of Telefon Hírmondó.
Winston Smith may refer to:
The 203rd New York State Legislature, consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly, met from January 9, 2019, to December 31, 2020, during the ninth and tenth years of Andrew Cuomo's governorship, in Albany.
Belgium competed at the 2023 European Games, in Kraków, Poland from 21 June to 2 July 2023.
Belgium has previously competed at the 2015 European Games in Baku, Azerbaijan and at the 2019 European Games in Minsk, Belarus
The Belgian Olympic and Interfederal Committee sent a total of 138 athletes to the Games to compete in 21 sports.
Blaine Township is a township in Clay County, Kansas, United States.
As of the 2020 census, its population was 214.
Burgruine Groppenstein is a castle in Carinthia, Austria.
Emily's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys emilianus), also called Emilio's tuco-tuco, is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.
It is endemic to Argentina.
This species was named after Emilio Budin, an Argentine specimen collector who worked with Oldfield Thomas.
Foggo is a town in Bauchi State, northern Nigeria some 150 km south-east of Kano, and about 40 km southwest of Azare.
Lunar Sample 15555, better known as "Great Scott", is a lunar sample discovered and collected on the Apollo 15 mission in 1971 in the Hadley-Apennine region of the Moon.
The rock is a 9.614 kg (21.20 lb) olivine-normative basalt.
It is named after mission commander David Scott, and it is the largest sample returned to Earth from the mission, as well as the most intensively studied.
It was collected by Scott on the rim of Hadley Rille, at station 9A.
Great Scott is currently stored at the Lunar Sample Laboratory Facility at the Lyndon B.
Johnson Space Center.
Pieces of it are on display at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington, DC, the Tellus Science Museum in the state of Georgia, the Madrid Deep Space Communications Complex in Spain, the LROC Lunar Exploration Museum at Arizona State University and the Science Museum in London, England.
The term Great Scott was in use as soon as the next mission, Apollo 16, because Charlie Duke used the term just before picking up Big Muley.
Big Muley is the largest sample (11.7 kg) returned from the Moon, and Great Scott is the second largest.
Happy to Be Here is the label debut EP by American alternative pop and rap/hip-hop artist Bodie.
It was released on Provident on September 27, 2024.
Three of the extended play's tracks were released as singles, "RIP", "God Did", and "Whisper and the Wind".
The EP was supported upon release with the Happy To Be Here With No One Else Tour, featuring Gio.
On March 7, 2025, Bodie released Happier To Be Here, which featured remixes of some of the original extended play's songs.
Jackie Guerrido (born September 24, 1972) is a Puerto Rican television weather presenter and journalist for Primer Impacto on Univision.
She also is a TV host for Despierta America en Domingo.
Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان جاپلق غربی) is in Japelaq District of Azna County, Lorestan province, Iran.
Its capital is the village of Ashurabad.
Mark White (born July 7, 1962) is an American bass player, best known as the former bassist for the rock band Spin Doctors.
He has collaborated with many musical groups, including America's Got Talent finalists The Robotix, The Heavy Pets, Eight53, and the Free World Jazz Ensemble.
As a songwriter and bass player, he also has been an active teacher in several high-profile rock and jazz schools, such as the Rockin' Robin Music Center in Houston, Texas.
White has also been an outspoken advocate for atheist rights, and was a keynote speaker at the American Atheists National Convention in Salt Lake City, Utah in 2014.
Michel Robert Gerard Tereshchenko (Ukrainian: Мішель Петрович Терещенко, romanized: Mishel Petrovych Tereshchenko; born 15 September 1954) is a Ukrainian businessman and politician who served as Mayor of Hlukhiv from 2015 to 2020.
Moyen-Comoé Region is a defunct region of Ivory Coast.
From 1997 to 2011, it was a first-level subdivision region.
The region's capital was Abengourou and its area was 6,921 km2.
Since 2011, the area formerly encompassed by the region is the second-level Indénié-Djuablin Region in Comoé District.
Various proposals have been considered since the 1980s to extend the franchise in Irish presidential elections to citizens resident outside the state.
In 2019, the then government introduced a bill to amend the constitution to facilitate this extension.
The bill lapsed in January 2020 when the 32nd Dáil was dissolved for the 2020 general election, but was restored to the order paper in July 2020.
At present, the only nonresident voting rights in Ireland are for university constituencies in Seanad Éireann and certain public servants posted abroad.
Robert Daniel (1936–2012) was a Virginia farmer, businessman, teacher, and politician.
Robert Daniel may also refer to:
Robert Hugh Daniel (1906–1983), chairman and CEO of Daniel International Corporation
Robert Mackenzie Daniel (1813–1847), Scottish journalist and novelist
Robert Prentiss Daniel (1902–1968), African-American psychologist, scholar, and college administrator
Robert Williams Daniel (1884–1940), American banker who survived the sinking of the RMS Titanic
The Roman villa of Chiragan is a Roman villa located in Martres-Tolosane (France).
The villa was located on the banks of the river Garonne, on the road to Toulouse and was occupied between the 1st and 4th centuries.
The buildings spread over an area of 16 hectares and consisted of both the agricultural buildings of a latifundium and the owner's residence, with a monumental portico, numerous garden areas and private baths.
The residential areas were decorated with marble reliefs depicting the Labours of Hercules, dated to the 3rd century, or with clipei (shields) with images of deities.
There were also numerous statues, copies of Greek originals made in Rome, and a gallery of portraits of emperors and other personalities.
The sculptures are now in the Saint-Raymond Museum in Toulouse.
There were also decorations with acanthus swirls mixed with small animals.
After the first discoveries in the 16th century, due to the digging of a canal, excavations in the villa took place in the years 1826–1830 and again in 1897–1899.
The Taiwan Blackfoot Disease Socio-Medical Service Memorial House (traditional Chinese: 台灣烏腳病醫療紀念館; simplified Chinese: 台湾乌脚病医疗纪念馆; pinyin: Táiwān Wūjiǎobìng Yīliáo Jìniànguǎn) is a former clinic building in Yonglong Village, Beimen District, Tainan, Taiwan.
Virpur (Also known as Birpur) is a village located Mahisagar district in the Indian state of Gujarat, 40 kilometres (25 mi) from Godhra Junction.
The Mahisagar river flows some 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from the village.
"Why" is a hit song recorded by Frankie Avalon in 1959.
It reached No.
1 on the U.S.
Billboard Hot 100 chart published on the week of December 28, 1959.
It was Avalon's second and final No.
The song was covered by Donny Osmond, and this version reached No.
3 on the UK Singles chart.
Želivsko is a municipality and village in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.
It has about 40 inhabitants.
Želivsko lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of Svitavy, 72 km (45 mi) south-east of Pardubice, and 162 km (101 mi) east of Prague.
The 1967 Oklahoma Sooners football team represented the University of Oklahoma during the 1967 NCAA University Division football season.
Led by first-year head coach Chuck Fairbanks, they played their home games at Oklahoma Memorial Stadium and competed as members of the Big Eight Conference.
The Sooners won all seven conference games and finished the season with one loss to hated rival Texas in the Red River Shootout by two points.
The Sooners upset number 9 Colorado on November 4 by a score of 23-0 in Norman to move into the top 10 ranking; they defeated Tennessee, 26–24, to win the Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida.
Entering his second season as head coach, 37-year-old Jim Mackenzie suffered a fatal heart attack at his Norman home in late April.
Assistant coach Fairbanks, age 33, was promoted several days later.
1Y or 1-Y may refer to:
UH-1Y; see H-1 upgrade program
Bell UH-1Y Venom
SSH 1Y (WA); see Washington State Route 532
1Y-J, a model of Toyota Y engine
1Y, IATA code for Sun Air (Sudan)
1Y, IATA code for Electronic Data Systems
1-Y classification in the U.S.
Selective Service System, no longer in use
(ADP-ribosyl)hydrolase 2 (ARH2) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ADPRHL1 gene.
Crema catalana (Catalan for 'Catalan cream'), or crema cremada ('burnt cream'), is a Catalan dessert consisting of a custard topped with a layer of caramelized sugar.
It is "virtually identical" to the French crème brûlée.
It is made from milk, egg yolks, and sugar.
Some modern recipes add cornflour.
It is typically flavored with lemon zest, cinnamon, or vanilla, and a crisp caramel crust is made by caramelizing sugar placed on top of the custard.
Donald or Don Barry may refer to:
Donald Barry (screenwriter) (1908–1969), American film and TV scenarist, a/k/a D.
Don "Red" Barry (1912–1980), American film and television actor, a/k/a Donald Barry
Don Barry (Canadian football) (1931–2014), center inducted into Alberta Sports Hall of Fame
Donald Barry Clarke (1933–2002), New Zealand rugby union fullback, a/k/a Don Clarke
Don Barry Mason (1950–2006), English founder of Psychedelic Shamanistic Institute (PSI)
Paul Reid, formerly Paul Gary James Ridge, (born 4 September 1982), better known by the stage name Drapht, is an Australian hip hop artist from Perth.
Drapht is a member of the Syllabolix (SBX) crew, a collective that includes fellow Perth-based hip hop artists such as Downsyde.
Fluid Dynamics Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all fields of fluid dynamics.
Published on behalf of the Japan Society of Fluid Mechanics, from 1986 to 2008 it was published by Elsevier and since 2009 it has been published by IOP Publishing.
The editor-in-chief is Genta Kawahara (Osaka University).
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2023 impact factor of 1.3.
Every year, one article published in the previous year is awarded the FDR Prize, to recognize its outstanding quality.
Héctor Álvarez Martinez (born 12 December 2006) is a Spanish cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team Lidl–Trek Future Racing.
Jack Carroll "Jay" Haldeman II (December 18, 1941 – January 1, 2002) was an American biologist and science-fiction writer.
He was the older brother of SF writer and MIT writing professor Joe Haldeman.
The Kansas City Journal-Post was a newspaper in Kansas City, Missouri, from 1854 to 1942.
It was the oldest newspaper in the city when it went out of business.
Landguard Manor (or Languard) is a manor house in Shanklin on the Isle of Wight, England.
First mentioned, as 'Langrad', in 1255, the place-name means 'the long reed-bed'.
Over the centuries the house was home to numerous notable gentlemen.
It is a Grade II listed building.
One of the finest known portraits by Sir Thomas Lawrence, English portrait painter and president of the Royal Academy, is located in its drawing room.
Lavamünd (Slovene: Labot) is a market town in the district of Wolfsberg in the Austrian state of Carinthia.
The Lavamünd hydroelectric power plant on the Drava River and the Koralpe power plant are located in or near Lavamünd.
A Nütsah (/nə³³.tsɑʔ³³/ ) is a traditional shawl created and woven by Khiamniungans of Noklak district in north-eastern India.
The Nütsah, traditionally, could only be worn by the wealthy and warriors who had successfully taken the heads of enemy warriors.
In modern times, the right to wear the Nütsah is associated with any male individual in the family as a demonstration of cultural acceptance, signifying ancestral fierceness and a distinctive symbol of the Khiamniungan Naga people.
The Rospuda (Polish pronunciation: [rɔsˈpuda]) is a small river in north-eastern Poland.
It flows through the Suwałki Region of Poland, including the north-western part of the large Augustów Primeval Forest wilderness area.
Its continuation, the Netta, is a tributary of the Biebrza.
Around 2006 the river was threatened by planned construction of the Augustów bypass expressway, which was to cut across the protected wilderness area in the valley.
After an intense campaign of protests in Poland and abroad and also counter-protests of the local community, the plans have been changed, and now the highway has been rerouted to completely avoid the wilderness area.
This article stated the results of the World Soling Championships from 1990 till 1994.
Unfortunately not all crew names are documented in the major sources: United States Soling Association (USSA) bulletin "Leading Edge" and International Soling Association (ISA) magazine "Soling Sailing".
USS Chicolar has been the name of one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:
USS Chicolar (SS-464), a proposed submarine cancelled in 1944.
A fictional World War II U.S.
Navy submarine named USS Chicolar appears in Edward L.
Beach, Jr.'s novel Dust on the Sea
Vinigi Lorenzo Grottanelli (13 August 1912, Avigliana - 30 May 1993) was an Italian ethnologist who worked at the Pigorini National Museum of Prehistory and Ethnography following the Second World War.
Vittorio Arrigoni (Italian: [vitˈtɔːrjo arriˈɡoːni]; 4 February 1975 – 15 April 2011) was an Italian journalist and activist.
He worked with the Palestinian-led International Solidarity Movement (ISM), through which he arrived in the Gaza Strip in 2008.
He maintained a website called Guerrilla Radio and also published a book about his experiences in Gaza City during the 2008–2009 Gaza War between Hamas and Israel.
In 2011, he was abducted and murdered by a group of Salafi jihadists.
The Hamas government, which identified the perpetrators as Palestinian and Jordanian affiliates of al-Qaeda, subsequently initiated a manhunt and arrested the accused suspects during a raid on the Nuseirat refugee camp.
Arrigoni was the first foreign national to have been involved in such an incident in the Gaza Strip since the kidnapping of British journalist Alan Johnston in 2007.
Víctor Salas Baños (born 16 June 1980) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a midfielder.
He amassed Segunda División totals of 208 matches and 17 goals during eight seasons, representing in the competition Sevilla, Almería, Poli Ejido, Castellón and Ponferradina.
He appeared in La Liga with the first club.
Yves Loday (born 27 September 1955) is a French sailor who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, where he won gold medal in the Tornado class together with Nicolas Hénard.
Loday went on to train other Olympic windsurfers in 1993 including Pascale Paturau from Mauritius who competed in the Barcelona Olympics.
Loday is the designer of the Extreme 40 sailing catamaran, which is used in the Extreme Sailing Series very high speed regattas.
1,5-Bis(diphenylphosphino)pentane is an organophosphorus compound with the formula C29H30P2.
It can be prepared by reacting 1,5-dibromopentane with lithium diphenylphosphide, or diphenylphosphine in presence of caesium hydroxide.
It reacts with copper(I) iodide to give a luminescent dinuclear complex [CuIPh2P(CH2)5PPh2]2.
Caspar Schoppe (27 May 1576 – 19 November 1649) was a German Catholic polemicist, philosopher and scholar.
Chad Joseph Voytik (born March 3, 1994) is an American former football quarterback.
He began his college football career at the University of Pittsburgh, where he spent four years playing for the Pittsburgh Panthers.
He transferred to Arkansas State University after the 2015 season.
Dmitry Alekseyevich Shabanov (Russian: Дмитрий Алексеевич Шабанов, born 19 July 1964) is an Olympic sailor.
He won the silver medal in the Soling class at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Frédéric Bamvuginyumvira (born 24 June 1961) is the former first Vice-President of Burundi from 11 June 1998 to 1 November 2001.
He is a member of the Hutu ethnic group.
Running as a candidate for the Front for Democracy in Burundi (FRODEBU) in the 29 June 1993 legislative elections, he won a seat representing Kirundo province.
On 11 June 1998, he was appointed 1st vice-president (responsible for political and administrative affairs), by Interim President Pierre Buyoya.
He held that post until a new power-sharing government was installed on 1 November 2001.
On 6 December 2013, he was arrested while driving in the streets of Bujumbura and accused of giving money to the police officers who arrested him.
This landed him in jail despite that the government dropped all the original charges.
Iturriaga is a Spanish surname.
People with this name include:
Eneritz Iturriaga, a Spanish former racing cyclist
Enrique Iturriaga (1918-2019), Peruvian composer
Felipe Iturriaga, a Chilean farmer and politician
Javier Iturriaga, a Spanish footballer
Juan Manuel López Iturriaga, a Spanish retired professional basketball player
Manuel Carrillo Iturriaga, a philanthropist and Mexican politician
Raúl Iturriaga, a Chilean Army general
Jiaxing Huang is a Chinese researcher, materials scientist, and chair professor of materials science at Westlake University.
He is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and in 2016, he received the Humboldt Prize for research.
He is one of the most cited researchers.
A paper he published in 2003 in the Journal of the American Chemical Society is one of the most cited paper in the field of Polymer chemistry.
Kazuyoshi Kumakiri (熊切 和嘉, Kumakiri Kazuyoshi; born 1 September 1974) is a Japanese film director.
Mario Espinosa Contreras (22 November 1949) is a Roman Catholic bishop who serves as Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mazatlán in Mexico since 2005.
Born on November 22, 1949, in Tepic, Nayarit, Mexico, Mario Espinosa Contreras became a priest in his hometown and later bishop in Tehuacán and Mazatlán,
In 2024, he spoke about the kidnapping of 66 people in Culiacán during the Palm Sunday mass from the altar of the Basilica Cathedral of Mazatlán.
Monash University, Clayton campus is the main campus of Monash University located in Clayton, which is a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, in the state of  Victoria.
The campus covers an area of over 1.1 km2 and is the largest of the Monash University campuses, both in terms of size and student population.
As of 2017, the Clayton Campus had over 41,000 students.
The campus has its own suburb and is one of the few university campuses in Australia to have its own postcode (3800), and shares the telephone number extension of 990 with the other city campuses of the university.
The Campus features a wide range of native Australian flora and fauna, including over 2000 different kinds of plant life.
Norvegia Rock (54°24′S 3°25′E) is a submerged rock with less than 2 m of water over it, lying off the north coast of the island of Bouvetøya, approximately 0.5 nautical miles (0.9 km) east-northeast of Cape Valdivia.
Norvegia I, the ship of the Norwegian expedition under Captain Harald Horntvedt, struck a rock here on December 3, 1927.
Named by the expedition after the Norvegia I.
Piętki-Basie [ˈpjɛntki ˈbaɕɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
Pudi is a surname.
Danny Pudi (born 1979), American actor
Prawin Pudi (born 1982), Indian film editor
Robert Kajanus (2 December 1856 – 6 July 1933) was a Finnish conductor, composer, and teacher.
In 1882, he founded the Helsinki Orchestral Society, Finland's first professional orchestra.
As a conductor, he was also a notable champion and interpreter of the music of Jean Sibelius.
Shawn Steel (born c.
1946) is an American politician serving as the Republican National Committee Member from California since 2008.
He was voted by his colleagues to the executive committee of the Republican National Committee in 2018.
Steel served as Sergeant at Arms at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, in 2016.
In 2012, he served as deputy permanent co-chairman of the convention.
He served as the elected chairman of the California Republican Party from 2001 to 2003.
He is the husband of former U.S.
Representative Michelle Steel, who represented California's 45th congressional district from 2021 to 2025.
As the California Republican Party Chairman, Steel was the co-founder of the successful recall of Governor Gray Davis in 2003.
Davis was recalled via a Recall Petition in which Steel was the first signatory of over 1,000,000 signatures.
Steel is a frequent guest on CNN, Fox News, and local Los Angeles media.
He published over 50 articles in a variety of publications ranging from the Wall Street Journal, San Diego Union, Sacramento Bee, Orange County Register, and Washington Times.
Steel is a trial attorney specializing in personal injury law and pioneered a specialty representing alternative health care providers, particularly chiropractors and acupuncturists.
He regularly teaches at Palmer West Chiropractic, Life Chiropractic College West and Southern California University of Health Sciences and frequent lecturer for doctors re-licensing credit through California.
Steel & Eisner, LLP, is located in Seal Beach, California.
Saint Peter's Cathedral Geneva (French: Cathédrale Saint-Pierre de Genève, pronounced [sɛ̃ pjɛʁ də ʒənɛv] ) is a historic church in Geneva, Switzerland.
Since 1535, it has been the principal church of the Protestant Church of Geneva and a central site of the Protestant Reformation.
It is closely associated with John Calvin, who preached there during his leadership of the Reformed movement.
Tarover is a historic home located near South Boston, Halifax County, Virginia.
It was built in 1856, and is a two-story, gable roofed stone dwelling set on a low stone foundation in the Gothic Revival style.
It is three bays wide and features a two-story projecting porch tower with a gable roof.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Matanzas, Cuba.
The Walrus-class submarine is the only submarine class currently in operation in the Royal Netherlands Navy.
The boats have been in service since 1990 and are all named after sea mammals.
Zheng Yuanlin (Chinese: 郑元林; born April 1962) is a lieutenant general (zhongjiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA).
He has been Deputy Commander of the PLA Air Force (PLAAF) since December 2018.
He was promoted to the rank of major general (shaojiang) in July 2010 and lieutenant general (zhongjiang) in December 2019.
The 1908–09 Missouri Tigers men's basketball team represented the University of Missouri in the 1908–09 college basketball season.
The team was led by first-year head coach Guy Lowman.
The captain of the team was Carl Ristine.
Missouri finished with a 10–5 record overall and a 4–5 record in the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association.
This was good enough for tie for second place in the regular season conference standings.
Provincial, municipal, district and Khan council elections took place in Cambodia on 26 May 2024.
An Essay on Humanity to Animals is a 1798 book by the English theologian and writer Thomas Young, published by T.
Cadell, jun.
Written while Young was a fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge, it argues from Christian ethics, natural law, and the capacity of animals to experience pleasure and pain that humans have a moral duty to treat nonhuman animals with kindness and to avoid unnecessary cruelty.
Young presents this capacity for suffering as the basis of animals' moral claims on human compassion, and links humane treatment to both moral conduct and religious obligation.
The book is arranged as a series of chapters on different forms of cruelty to animals and combines ethical argument with practical guidance on conduct.
Young condemns practices such as blood sports, bull-baiting, cockfighting, hunting, fishing for amusement, the mistreatment of horses, cruelty in food production, and the confinement or abuse of domestic and wild animals.
He also stresses the importance of humane education, especially the need to teach children to respect animals from an early age.
The book was favourably reviewed in periodicals including The Monthly Review, The Monthly Mirror, and The British Critic.
It was later cited or discussed by writers including Henry Stephens Salt, Edward Payson Evans, Charles R.
Magel, and Rod Preece, and has been treated as an early work in the history of animal welfare and animal rights.
Architrypethelium nitens is a species of corticolous (bark-dwelling), crustose lichen in the family Trypetheliaceae.
It was first described in 1824 as Verrucaria nitens, and later transferred to Architrypethelium.
The lichen forms a smooth, glossy, olive-green crust on bark, with small black, flask-shaped fruiting bodies (perithecia) that are usually partly covered by the thallus.
It is a Neotropical species, recorded from Costa Rica, and it can be recognized under the microscope by its large, dark brown ascospores with three internal partitions and a clear, jelly-like outer sheath.
Challenge-based learning (CBL) is a framework for learning while solving real-world challenges.
The framework is collaborative and hands-on, asking all participants (students, teachers, families, and community members) to identify big Ideas, ask good questions, discover and solve challenges, gain in-depth subject area knowledge, develop 21st-century skills, and share their thoughts with the world.
Challenge-based learning builds on the foundation of experiential learning, leans heavily on the wisdom of a long history of progressive education, shares many of the goals of service learning, and the activism of critical pedagogy.
The framework is informed by innovative ideas from education, media, technology, entertainment, recreation, the workplace, and society.
The Cinca Medio is a comarca in eastern Aragon, Spain.
It is named after river Cinca.
This comarca is bordered on the northwest by the Somontano de Barbastro comarca, to the east by La Litera, and to the south by the Bajo Cinca and Monegros.
It is one of the regions with the greatest population density (40 inhabitants per km) in Aragon.
The main sources of income are industry and agriculture.
"Down Down Down" is a song by Australian duo The Presets.
It was released as a promotional single in Australia in 2005 and as a commercial single in the United Kingdom on 8 May 2006, as the second single from their debut studio album Beams.
Forepaugh Park was a baseball ground located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, at Broad and Dauphin Streets in North Philadelphia.
It had an estimated capacity of 5,000.
The ground was home to the Philadelphia Quakers of the Players' League in 1890 and the American Association in 1891.
The ballpark featured a bicycle track and was a popular velodrome in Philadelphia in the early 1890s.
The ballpark was owned by and named for Adam Forepaugh and the grounds used for circuses and various types of exhibitions until 1894.
The property was sold for development and residences constructed in 1895.
Jeff Strasser (born 5 October 1974) is a Luxembourgish former professional football player and the current manager of the Luxembourg national team.
Jonathan Wiesen is a professor of modern European history at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and teaches courses on modern German history and the Holocaust.
This is a list of past and present satellites of the BeiDou/Compass navigation satellite system.
As of December 2023, 44 satellites are operational: 7 in geostationary orbits (GEO), 10 in 55° inclined geosynchronous orbits (IGSO) and 27 in Medium Earth orbits (MEO).
Furthermore, 8 satellites (4 in Medium Earth orbit, 2 in geostationary orbit and 2 in inclined geosynchronous orbit) are undergoing testing or commissioning.
A parent to the Florida Current, the Loop Current is a warm ocean current that flows northward between Cuba and the Yucatán Peninsula, moves north into the Gulf of Mexico, loops east and south before exiting to the east through the Florida Straits and joining the Gulf Stream.
The Loop Current is an extension of the western boundary current of the North Atlantic subtropical gyre.
Serving as the dominant circulation feature in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico, the Loop Currents transports between 23 and 27 sverdrups and reaches maximum flow speeds of from 1.5 to 1.8 meters/second.
A related feature is an area of warm water with an "eddy" or "Loop Current ring" that separates from the Loop Current, somewhat randomly every 3 to 17 months.
Swirling at 1.8 to 2 meters/second, these rings drift to the west at speeds of 2 to 5 kilometers/day and have a lifespan of up to a year before they bump into the coast of Texas or Mexico.
These eddies are composed of warm Caribbean waters and possess physical properties that isolate the masses from surrounding Gulf Common Waters.
The rings can measure 200 to 400 kilometers in diameter and extend down to a depth of 1000 meters.
Minuscule 638 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 188 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment.
Palaeographically to the 11th century.
The manuscript is lacunose.
Scrivener labelled it by 191a and 245p.
National Highway 716 (NH 716)  is a National Highway in India.
It starts from its junction with NH 16 near Chennai in Tamil Nadu and terminates at its junction with NH 67 near Muddanur in Andhra Pradesh.
The permeases are membrane transport proteins, a class of multipass transmembrane proteins that allow the diffusion of a specific molecule in or out of the cell in the direction of a concentration gradient, a form of facilitated diffusion.
The permease binding is the first step of translocation.
LacY protein from Escherichia coli is an example of a permease.
"Revolution" is a song by Australian pop duo the Veronicas, released as the fourth single from their debut album, The Secret Life of...
Written and produced by Chantal Kreviazuk and Raine Maida, the song was released on 7 August 2006 in conjunction with their 'The Revolution Tour' of Australia, which commenced on 4 August 2006.
It was a modest success in Australia, peaking at number 18 on the ARIA Singles Chart.
The "Revolution" video features footage from the Veronicas' Brisbane concert in August 2006 and also shows backstage footage and shots of fans in the crowd.
Waslav Richard Rychtarik (July 20, 1894 — July 10, 1982) was a Czech-born American set and costume designer.
His significance was in his efforts to bring modernism to operatic and theatrical stage productions primarily during the 1930s and 1940s.
Despite his work for opera and theater, his best known work was as set designer for the television series The Honeymooners.
Rutherford is a census-designated place (CDP) in Napa County, California, United States.
The population was 115 at the 2020 census.
Rutherford is located in the Rutherford AVA (American Viticultural Area) which is located in the larger Napa Valley AVA.
The Robert Mondavi Winery is located between Rutherford and neighboring Oakville (though its corporate headquarters are in nearby St.
Other notable wineries in the Rutherford area include Beaulieu Vineyard, Grgich Hills Estate, St.
Supéry Estate Vineyards & Winery, and Inglenook.
The Auberge du Soleil restaurant and resort is located in Rutherford.
Rutherford's zip code is 94573.
It is inside area code 707.
The Sacramento City Council is the governing body of the city of Sacramento, California.
The council holds regular meetings at Sacramento City Hall on Tuesdays at 6:00 pm, with exceptions for holidays and other special cases.
Sacramento's city council is a nine-member mayor-council system of government.
The council is composed of a mayor and eight council members, each of whom is elected to four-year terms from their respective districts.
Sacramento's government is a "weak mayor" system in that the council retains executive and legislative authority.
The management and operations of city affairs are not under the direct control of the mayor or the council; these matters are delegated to a city manager, who is appointed by Sacramento's Mayor and serves at the pleasure of the council.
Snide and Prejudice is a 1997 dark comedy film directed by Philippe Mora.
The 29th Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army.
First formed in 1915 for service during the First World War as part of the Australian Imperial Force (AIF), it fought in the trenches of the Western Front in France and Belgium before being disbanded in late 1918 to provide reinforcements for other heavily depleted Australian units.
In 1921, following the demobilisation of the AIF, the battalion was re-raised as a unit of Australia's part-time military forces, based in Melbourne, Victoria, before being amalgamated with the 22nd Battalion in 1930.
It was later re-raised in its own right and, following the outbreak of the Second World War,  undertook garrison duties in Australia before being amalgamated with the 46th Battalion to form the 29th/46th Battalion in late 1942, subsequently seeing service against the Japanese in New Guinea and on New Britain.
Aegilops is a genus of Eurasian and North American plants in the grass family, Poaceae.
They are known generally as goatgrasses.
Some species are known as invasive weeds in parts of North America.
Aghapura is a neighbourhood in Hyderabad, India.
Located between the major suburbs of Hyderabad, Nampally and Mehdipatnam.
The area is famous for Aghapura Charkhandil - four lamps which used to exist which would be lit at night.
A designated person would light the lamps every day during the evening.
Hence this particular spot is still referred to its old name and is a landmark.
Aghapura is named after Agha Muhammad Dawood Abul Ulai, a disciple of Sufi saint Shah Mohammed Hassan Abul Ulai.
The shrine, also known as Aghapura Dargah, was awarded during world Heritage day.
Amiruldin is a name.
Notable people with the name include:
Amiruldin Asraf (born 1997), Singaporean footballer
Badruddin Amiruldin (born 1951), Malaysian politician
Amraica solivagaria is a species of geometer moths in the Ennominae subfamily.
Beresford Nord is an unincorporated place in New Brunswick, Canada.
It is recognized as a designated place by Statistics Canada.
A chemosensitizer is a drug that makes tumor cells more sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy.
College of St.
Joseph was a private Catholic liberal arts college in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.
It occupied a 117 acres (0.47 km2) wooded campus.
Although the college was accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education, it was placed on probation in August 2018 because of the college's financial challenges.
It closed at the end of the spring 2019 semester.
The Cry of Yara (Spanish: El Grito de Yara) was a declaration, battle cry, and uprising in eastern Cuba on 10 October 1868, initiating the Ten Years' War.
The signaling of the Yara uprising occurred near Manzanillo in the eastern province of Oriente, at the sugar plantation and mill of La Demajagua, which was owned by the Céspedes family.
Elizabeth Throckmorton whose religious name was Elizabeth Teresa Pulcheria (1694 – April 4, 1760) was an Englishwoman who served as prioress of the Convent of Our Blessed Lady of Syon in Paris.
Gry-Anette Rekanes Amundsen (born 7 July 1973) is a Norwegian politician for the Progress Party.
She was elected to the Nome municipal council, Telemark county council and deputy leader of Telemark Progress Party.
In the 2013 election she was elected as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Telemark, serving until 2017.
She met during 46 days of parliamentary session.
In July 2009 she married fellow politician Per-Willy Amundsen.
They divide their time between Oslo and their rural estate in Flåbygd in Telemark.
In addition, they own a house together in Per-Willy Amundsen's native Harstad.
Irene Higginbotham (June 11, 1918 – August 27, 1988) was an American songwriter and concert pianist.
She is best known for co-writing the Billie Holiday song "Good Morning Heartache" (1946).
Lembak people, also known as Linggau people, are a local ethnic group that inhabits several areas of Bengkulu Province and South Sumatra Province in Indonesia.
Their original settlements are in the border area between the two provinces, in the Barisan mountain range, with densely clustered villages pattern.
The majority of Lembak people embrace Islam, and the religion influences their daily life.
Line 17 (simplified Chinese: 十七号线; traditional Chinese: 十七號線; pinyin: Shíqī Hàoxiàn; Jyutping: Sap6 Cat1 Hou6 Sin3) of the Shenzhen Metro is a Phase V expansion metro line under construction in the eastern Shenzhen districts of Luohu and Longgang.
Construction on Phase 1 started on 10 October 2023, and the line is expected to open in 2028, which will run from Luohu West in Luohu District to Shanglilang in Longgang District, with 18 stations and 18.8 kilometers of track.
The following is a list of characters from the 1998 animated television series, Shadow Raiders.
The series is about four warring planets – Rock, Ice, Fire, and Bone – which raid one another for resources.
The main character, a miner called Graveheart voiced by Paul Dobson, is on a mission to forge an interplanetary alliance after receiving a warning from Princess Tekla, the only surviving member of her own planet, about a Beast Planet which threatens to consume their worlds.
Rex Varghese (died 22 January 2013) was an Indian bodybuilder who became the first Keralite to win the Mr India title in the 90 kg category in 2007.
He also had Junior Mr India, Mr Kerala, Muscleman of Kerala, Mr Kerala Olympia titles to his credit.
Two Angels and a Sinner (Spanish: Dos ángeles y un pecador) is a 1945 Argentine fantasy comedy drama film of the classical era of Argentine cinema, directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Zully Moreno, Pedro López Lagar and Fanny Navarro.
The film's sets were designed by art director Mario Vanarelli.
Veora Johnson (April 21, 1910- November 15, 2001) was an Arizona educator and humanitarian.
She was the first black educational administrator in Arizona.
Wanda Richert (born April 18, 1958) is an American former musical theatre actress, singer, dancer, choreographer, and director.
The 2024 Marshall Thundering Herd football team represented Marshall University in the Sun Belt Conference's East Division during the 2024 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
The Thundering Herd are led by Charles Huff in his fourth year as the head coach.
The Thundering Herd played home games at the Joan C.
Edwards Stadium, located in Huntington, West Virginia.
The Thundering Herd won their first conference title since 2014, and their first since moving to the Sun Belt.
On December 8, Charles Huff departed the program to be the head coach of Southern Miss.
Huff left Marshall with a 32–20 record.
That same day, Marshall announced the hiring of NC State defensive coordinator Tony Gibson as their next coach.
Following a win in the Sun Belt Championship Game, Marshall agreed to play Army in the Independence Bowl.
However, on December 14, following the departure of head coach Huff and a mass exodus of starters into the NCAA transfer portal, the team withdrew from the bowl game.
Marshall was subsequently fined $100,000 by the Sun Belt Conference for opting out of the bowl.
Aleksandr Andreyevich Sema (Russian: Александр Андреевич Сема, born 13 April 1952) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union.
Sema was born in 1952 in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
He won a gold medal at the 1975 World Rowing Championships in Nottingham with the men's coxed four.
He went to the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and rowed with the coxed four in heat 1 only.
He was replaced in that boat by Mikhail Kuznetsov, and the team went on to win gold.
As a heat rower, he is thus also considered one of the gold medallists.
His son, Anton Sema, represented Russia at the 1996 Summer Olympics in single sculls.
Arthur Andrews Collins (September 9, 1909 – February 25, 1987) was an American radio engineer and entrepreneur.
He first gained national recognition as a teenager for significant advances in radio communication.
He later founded his own radio engineering and manufacturing company in 1933, Collins Radio Co.
Rapidly expanding during World War II, Collins Radio eventually grew into a Fortune 500 leader in avionics, telecommunication, and military, space and commercial radio communications.
Collins and his company ultimately became pioneers in melding computer and communication technology.
The Basilica of Saint Joseph Proto-Cathedral is a Catholic parish church at 310 West Stephen Foster Avenue in Bardstown, Kentucky.
It is the original cathedral of the present Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Louisville, originally erected as the Diocese of Bardstown — "proto-cathedral" means the original cathedral of a see that has transferred or moved.
During its years as a cathedral, the pastor was Benedict Joseph Flaget, the first bishop of Bardstown.
Belize competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics, in Nanjing, China from 16 August to 28 August 2014.
Bloomability is a children's book by Sharon Creech, first published in 1998; the main character is Dinnie Doone, a young girl who at the start of the novel lives with her semi-nomadic family in the modern-day United States of America.
She is given the opportunity to attend a boarding school in Lugano, Switzerland, where the majority of the storyline takes place.
This school is inspired by The American School In Switzerland, where Creech taught English.
The title, "Bloomability", comes from Keisuke, one of Dinnie's friends in the book.
Keisuke is a Japanese student at the school who is just learning English, so "bloomability" emerged as his linguistic concept of the word "possibility"
Cyperus amauropus is a species of sedge that is native to eastern parts of Africa and the Arabian peninsula.
The species was first formally described by the botanist Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel in 1854.
Dennis Smith (born 2 August 1969) is a former English professional darts player who played in Professional Darts Corporation (PDC) events.
He was a stalwart on the PDC circuit, having played there since 1994, but has yet to capture a major title to add to his collection of Open wins.
Smith has a very unusual throwing action, turning the dart into a 'flight first' position before returning it to a 'point first' position, rolling his eyes and then throwing.
He has a unique, measured action learning his trade under the tutelage of Bob Anderson.
A design code is a document that sets rules for the design of a new development in the United Kingdom.
It is a tool that can be used in the design and planning process, but goes further and is more regulatory than other forms of guidance commonly used in the English planning system over recent decades.
It can be thought of as a process and document – and therefore a mechanism – which operationalises design guidelines or standards which have been established through a masterplan process.
The masterplan or design framework is the vision.
It should be accompanied by a design rationale that explains the objectives, with the design code providing instructions to the appropriate degree or precision of the more detailed design work.
In this way a design code may be a tool which helps ensure that the aspirations for quality and quantity for housing developments, particularly for large-scale projects, sought by the Government and other agencies are actually realised in the final schemes.
It has the potential to deliver the consistency in quality exposed as lacking by CABE’s Housing Audit (2004).
Examples of developments where design codes are being used include:
Poundbury, Dorchester
Fairford Leys, Aylesbury
Fairfield, Bedfordshire
Ashford Barracks, Ashford
Upton, Northampton
Janet Lee Carey (born January 11, 1954) is an American writer of fantasy fiction for children and young adults.
Her Wilde Island trilogy—Dragon’s Keep, Dragonswood, and In the Time of Dragon Moon—earned multiple starred reviews and were ALA Best Books for Young Adults.
Other notable works include the Noor duology—The Beast of Noor and The Dragons of Noor and the standalone books Stealing Death and Wenny Has Wings, a Mark Twain Award recipient and a Sony Feature Film Japan, 2008.
Koumboli, also known as Komboli, is a village situated in Haut-Mbomou Prefecture, Central African Republic.
The name Guchol (Yapese: guchoel, [ɣʊʈ͡ʂœːl]) has been used for four tropical cyclones in the western North Pacific Ocean.
The name was contributed by the Federated States of Micronesia and means turmeric in Yapese.
Severe Tropical Storm Guchol (2005) (T0512, 12W) - curved to the northwest and never threatened land.
Typhoon Guchol (2012) (T1204, 05W, Butchoy) – struck Japan.
Tropical Storm Guchol (2017) (T1717, 19W, Kiko) – a weak tropical storm that affected Taiwan and China.
Typhoon Guchol (2023) (T2303, 03W, Chedeng) – churned out of the ocean without affecting any landmass.
Malavika Wales is an Indian actress.
She made her acting debut in Malarvaadi Arts Club (2010).
Marianna Sergeevna Bezsmertnaya, née Yurkevich (Russian: Мариа́нна Серге́евна Безсме́ртная (Юркевич); 2 May 1915 – 1991) was a Soviet and Russian geologist, mineralogist, petrographer and petrologist, candidate of geological and mineralogical sciences (1957), developer of new methods for diagnosing minerals, active participant and author of the discovery of a number of new minerals.
For 25 years, she was a leading employee of the Moscow Institute of Mineralogy, Geochemistry and Crystal Chemistry of Rare Elements, the author of new methods for determining minerals.
In the late 1950s to early 1960s, she re-checked and revised the mineralogical collection of the institute.
In 1979, in honor of Marianna Bezsmertnaya and her husband Vladimir Bezsmertny (1912-2002), a new mineral found in Kamchatka, bezsmertnovite, was named in composition — a complex plumbotelluride of gold, copper, iron and silver, the brightness of the color surpasses even gold.
Maximiliano "Maxi" Gómez González (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈmaksi ˈɣomes]; born 14 August 1996) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a forward for Nacional.
Having begun his career with Defensor Sporting, he moved to Spain in 2017, where he made 167 La Liga appearances and scored 51 goals for Celta and Valencia.
A full international for Uruguay since 2017, Gómez was selected for the FIFA World Cup in 2018 and 2022 and the Copa América in 2019 and 2021.
Meier on Rothschild is a skyscraper on Allenby Street in Tel Aviv, Israel.
The tower is 158 meters (520 ft) and It is the second highest residential building in Israel after Nevve Nof Tower.
Ossie Lambert (23 August 1926 – 13 April 2009) was an Australian cricketer.
He played twenty-four first-class matches for New South Wales between 1950/51 and 1956/57.
Paul Horn (March 17, 1930 – June 29, 2014) was an American flautist, saxophonist, composer and producer.
He became a pioneer of world and new age music with his 1969 album Inside.
He received five Grammy nominations between 1965 and 1999, including three nominations in 1965.
Shah Jahan Rural District (Persian: دهستان شاه جهان) is in the Central District of Faruj County, North Khorasan province, Iran.
Its capital is the village of Maivan.
The Marshall Library may refer to:
Marshall Library of Economics in Cambridge, England
The Marshall Library of the George C.
Marshall Foundation in Lexington, Kentucky
Drinko Library or Morrow Library on the campus of Marshall University in Huntington, West Virginia
The 1923 Five Nations Championship was the ninth series of the rugby union Five Nations Championship following the inclusion of France into the Home Nations Championship.
Including the previous Home Nations Championships, this was the thirty-sixth series of the annual northern hemisphere rugby union championship.
Ten matches were played between 20 January and 14 April.
It was contested by England, France, Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
For the second time in three years Scotland missed out on a first Grand Slam after losing to England, this time at home playing at Inverleith.
The 2001–02 Russian Cup was the tenth season of the Russian football knockout tournament since the dissolution of Soviet Union.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow who beat Zenit Saint Petersburg in the final with 2–0.
The African Men's Youth Handball Championship is the official competition for youth men's national handball teams of Africa and takes place every two years.
In addition to crowning the African champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the Youth World Championship.
Egypt is the most successful national team with a record number of eight (8) titles out of nine (9) participants.
The Baron of Menstrie (Baron of Menstry) was a title in the baronage of Scotland.
Charles John Tibbits (31 January 1861 – 7 July 1935) was a British journalist, newspaper editor, and legal writer.
Chotynia [xɔˈtɨɲa] is a village that is located in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Composition with Three Figures is an oil on canvas painting by French painter Fernand Léger, from 1932.
It is held at the Musée National d'Art Moderne, in Paris.
Domene miranda is a species of rove beetles first found in Turkey.
Eamonn Coogan (30 November 1896 – 22 January 1948) was an Irish Fine Gael politician, barrister and Deputy Commissioner of the Garda Síochána.
The Formidable class of battleships were a three-ship class of pre-dreadnoughts designed by Sir William White and built for the Royal Navy in the late 1890s.
The class comprised Formidable, Irresistible, and Implacable.
They were armed with a battery of four 12-inch (305 mm) guns, they had top speed of 18 knots (33 km/h; 21 mph), and they marked the adoption of Krupp armour in British battleship designs.
The class formed the basis for the nearly identical London class of five ships, and those ships are sometimes included in the Formidable class.
Formidable, Irresistible, and Implacable were built between 1898 and 1901 at the Portsmouth, Chatham, and Devonport Dockyards, respectively.
All three ships served in the Mediterranean Fleet early in their careers, before returning to British waters in the late 1900s for duty in the Home Fleet, Channel Fleet, and the Atlantic Fleet.
By 1912, all three ships had been assigned to the 5th Battle Squadron, Home Fleet, where they remained until the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914.
They patrolled the English Channel in the early months of the war and escorted troopships carrying elements of the British Expeditionary Force and other British Army units across the Channel to France.
On the night of 31 December 1914 – 1 January 1915 while on patrol in the Channel, the 5th Squadron encountered a German U-boat that torpedoed and sank Formidable.
Irresistible was sent to the Dardanelles Campaign in February 1915, and after engaging in a series of attacks on the Ottoman coastal fortifications, she struck a naval mine and sank.
Implacable, the sole surviving member of the class, joined the Dardanelles operations in March 1915 and saw action during the landings at Cape Helles in April.
She was later withdrawn, first in May 1915 to reinforce the Italian fleet guarding the Adriatic Sea and then to Salonika in November that year.
After being recalled to Britain in July 1917, she was converted into a depot ship and used to support the Northern Patrol.
After the war, she was sold for scrap in 1921 and was broken up in 1922.
Gordon Pall (26 December 1907 – December 1987) was a Canadian mathematician.
In 1945, he and Lloyd Williams founded the Canadian Mathematical Congress.
Meeboldia is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Apiaceae.
Its native range is Nepal, East Himalaya, West Himalaya, Tibet, to south-central China.
The genus name of Meeboldia is in honour of Alfred Meebold (1863–1952), a German botanist, writer, and anthroposophist.
It was first described and published in Repert.
Regni Veg.
Vol.19 on page 313 in 1924.
The Ministry of Housing is a ministry in the Government of Maharashtra.
Ministry is responsible for implementation of laws and acts related to housing in Maharashtra.
The Ministry is headed by a cabinet level minister.
Eknath Shinde is current Deputy Chief Minister and Minister of Housing.
Nathan David Saatchi (Arabic: ناثان دافيد ساعتجي; 24 December 1907 – 31 May 2000) was an Iraqi businessman and textile merchant.
Nochascypha is a genus of fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.
The genus contains six species found in South America.
Passiflora palenquensis is a flowering member of the family Passifloraceae.
It is very closely related to Passiflora seemannii, which has 2 other close related species.
Passiflora palenquensis is restricted to low elevations, usually growing around bases of mountains.
palenquensis is also related to Passiflora montana, which is another of the 4 relatively new species originating in Ecuador.
Pedro Reinel (fl.
1485 – 1540) was a Portuguese cartographer.
Between 1485 and 1519 Reinel served three Portuguese kings: João II, Manuel I and João III.
He and his son, Jorge Reinel, were among the most renowned cartographers of their era, a period when European knowledge of geography and cartography were expanding rapidly.
There is some evidence he was of African descent.
Historian Rafael Moreira believes Reinel's father was an ivory carver brought from West Africa to serve in the royal workshops.
Reinel was the author of one of the oldest signed Portolan charts, tentatively dated about 1485.
This nautical chart depicts the western Mediterranean and the African coasts extending as far as the Congo River.
It includes the recently completed first voyage of exploration made by Diogo Cão in 1482–1484.
The African coast is drawn in two distinct sections: first is a conventional tracing of the Atlantic coast as far as Cabo Corço where the map runs out of space.
The remainder of the coast down to the Congo is drawn in the interior of the African continent, an unusual approach that has caused much debate among historians.
His Atlantic Chart (c.
1504) is one of the first to include a scale of latitudes and also contains an early depiction of North America based on the explorations of Gaspar Corte-Real.
Reinel demonstrated an understanding of magnetic variation with the use of two different meridians; one closely approximated true north while a second one, placed near Labrador was tilted by 22 degrees to account for the significant variation that early explorers had found when using their compasses.
The map also was the first to depict a wind rose with a clearly drawn fleur-de-lys.
With his son Jorge Reinel, and cartographer Lopo Homem, he participated in the construction of the well-known Miller Atlas (1519).
The exceptional artwork in the atlas was the work of Dutch miniaturist Antonio de Holanda.
In addition to some of his better known maps, Reinel also authored a chart of the Mediterranean, c.
1500; two charts of the Indian Ocean, ca.
1517 and 1518; a chart of the southern hemisphere c.
1522; and an Atlantic chart, ca.
Although Reinel and his son worked almost exclusively in Lisbon, they traveled briefly to Seville in 1519 to collaborate on a globe and charts in preparation for the upcoming Magellan expedition sponsored by Spain.
In 1524, Reidel participated on the Badajoz-Elvas Junta, a conference organized to discuss whether the Molucca Islands were on the Spanish or Portuguese side of the line of demarcation established by the Treaty of Tordesillas.
In 1528, King João III authorized an annual pension of 15,000 reis to Reinel.
A contemporary reference indicates Reinel was still making charts in 1540.
He has a Portuguese postage stamp in his honour.
Slangerup Speedway Center is a motorcycle speedway facility located on the western outskirts of Slangerup, Denmark.
The track is on the Hørup Skovvej road.
The stadium is the home track for the Slangerup Speedway Klub.
Thomas Butler, 1st Baron Dunboyne (1271 – 9 October 1329) was the third son of Theobald Butler, 4th Chief Butler of Ireland and Joan FitzJohn.
Toomas Järveoja (born 23 April 1961) is an Estonian politician.
He is a member of XIV Riigikogu.
He was born in Elva.
In 1984, he graduated from Tallinn University of Technology.
From 2011 until 2015, he was the mayor of Elva.
His son is rally co-driver Martin Järveoja.
Alexander Erler and Lucas Miedler defeated the defending champion Kevin Krawietz and his partner Tim Pütz in the final, 6–3, 6–4 to win the doubles tennis title at the 2023 Bavarian International Tennis Championships.
Krawietz and Andreas Mies were the reigning champions, but Mies chose to defend his title in Barcelona instead.
The 43rd Annual GMA Dove Awards presentation ceremony was held on Thursday, April 19, 2012, at 7:30 P.M.
EST at the Fox Theatre in Atlanta, Georgia.
The ceremony recognized the accomplishments of musicians and other figures within the Christian music industry for the year 2011.
The ceremony was produced by the Gospel Music Association and was hosted by actor David Mann and comedian Chonda Pierce.
The awards show was broadcast on the Gospel Music Channel on April 24, 2012.
Bells On Sand is a studio album by American jazz pianist Gerald Clayton, released on April 1, 2022, his second for the Blue Note label.
Bermuda Blob is the name given to two globsters that washed ashore on Bermuda in 1988 and 1997.
Originally thought to be the remains of a cryptid, analysis proved the blobs to be the remains of whales.
Chaetolixophaga is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
HMS Loch Lomond was a Loch-class frigate of the British Royal Navy.
The ship was named after Loch Lomond in Scotland.
The ship was ordered from Caledon Shipbuilding & Engineering Company, Dundee, Scotland on 2 February 1943, and laid down on 7 December 1943.
Launched on 19 June 1944, and completed on 16 November 1944, the ship was commissioned soon after.
Joseph Lacasse (1894,Tournai–1975, Paris) was a Belgian artist who enjoyed a career that spanned some sixty-five years, during which he stood at the helm of Abstraction.
Kaiten (回天; lit.
'Turning the Heaven', commonly rendered as 'turn of the Heaven's will' or 'the heaven shaker') were crewed torpedoes and suicide craft, used by the Imperial Japanese Navy in the final stages of World War II.
Katherine Lucy Bridget Burke (born 13 June 1964) is an English actress and comedian.
She appeared in sketch shows such as French and Saunders (1988–1999), Harry Enfield's Television Programme (1990–1992), and Harry Enfield & Chums (1994–1998), and played a recurring role as Magda on the BBC sitcom Absolutely Fabulous (1992–2012).
From 1999 to 2001, she starred as Linda La Hughes on the BBC sitcom Gimme Gimme Gimme, for which she received a British Comedy Award and two BAFTA nominations.
Burke made her film debut in the 1982 drama Scrubbers.
For her portrayal of Valerie in the 1997 film Nil by Mouth, she won Best Actress at the Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for a BAFTA for Best Actress in a Leading Role.
Her other film appearances include Sid and Nancy (1986), Dancing at Lughnasa (1998), Elizabeth (1998), This Year's Love (1999), Kevin & Perry Go Large (2000), The Martins (2001), Anita and Me (2002) and Once Upon a Time in the Midlands (2002).
Having spent most of the 2000s concentrating on her work as a theatre director, she returned to film roles in the 2010s with Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy (2011), Pan (2015) and Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie (2016).
Starting from 2019, Burke fronted a series of documentaries for Channel 4: Kathy Burke's All Woman (2019), Kathy Burke: Money Talks (2021) and Kathy Burke: Growing Up (2023).
Prince Bagdasarian (born January 26, 1984) is an American film director, screenwriter, and editor.
His directorial debut feature film "Abstraction", garnered various awards at festivals and was released in the United States by Breaking Glass Pictures in 2015.
ReTuna Återbruksgalleria (ReTuna Reuse Gallery, or simply ReTuna) is a shopping mall in Eskilstuna, Sweden, which exclusively sells second hand and recycled goods.
It is situated next to the town's recycling center, and has 3,000 m2 of shopping space occupied by 14 shops, including a sports goods store, electronics outlet, fashion boutique, gardening center, and toy store.
The mall serves both as a shopping center and as a public education center.
Events, lectures, and workshops are all held on the premises to educate the public about sustainability.
The mall opened in 2015 and is run by the municipality-owned company Eskilstuna Energi och Miljö.
The mall averages over 700 visitors a day and a turnover of $1.8 million a year.
The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) published a special report on Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation (SRREN) on May 9, 2011.
The report developed under the leadership of Ottmar Edenhofer evaluates the global potential for using renewable energy to mitigate climate change.
This IPCC special report provides broader coverage of renewable energy than was included in the IPCC's 2007 climate change assessment report, as well as stronger renewable energy policy coverage.
In the present time, there is an obvious trend to have more renewable energy sources and therefore to overcome life crisis that can go when oil and gas expire.
Renewable energy can contribute to "social and economic development, energy access, secure energy supply, climate change mitigation, and the reduction of negative environmental and health impacts".
Under favourable circumstances, cost savings in comparison to non-renewable energy use exist.
Rubus audax, the Tampa blackberry, is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.
It is found in scattered locations in the southeastern United States (Florida, Georgia, and the Carolinas).
The genetics of Rubus is extremely complex, so that it is difficult to decide on which groups should be recognized as species.
There are many rare species with limited ranges such as this.
Further study is suggested to clarify the taxonomy.
Sergey Fedorovich Lisovsky (Russian: Серге́й Фёдорович Лисо́вский; born 25 April 1960, Moscow) is a Russian politician, who was a member of the Federation Council of the Russian Federation in 2004–2020, a representative of the Kurgan Regional Duma.
TV host channel RBC TV.
In the past - the entrepreneur.
Candidate of Philology (2000).
Member of the General Council of the party United Russia.
It is one of the pioneers of the Russian social and political advertisements and an acknowledged expert on the contemporary electoral technologies.
Sierra Club v.
Babbitt, 15 F.
2d 1274 (S.D.
1998), is a United States District Court for the Southern District of Alabama case in which the Sierra Club and several other environmental organizations and private citizens challenged the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS).
Plaintiffs filed action seeking declaratory injunctive relief regarding two incidental take permits (ITPs) issued by the FWS for the construction of two isolated high-density housing complexes in habitat of the endangered Alabama beach mouse (Peromyscus polionotus ammobates).
The District Court ruled that the FWS must reconsider its decision to allow high-density development on the Alabama coastline that might harm the endangered Alabama beach mouse.
The District Court found that the FWS violated both the Endangered Species Act (ESA) and the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) by permitting construction on the dwindling beach mouse habitat.
So Long a Letter (French: Une si longue lettre) is a semi-autobiographical epistolary novel originally written in French by the Senegalese writer Mariama Bâ.
It was her first novel.
Its theme is the condition of women in Western African society.
As the novel begins, Ramatoulaye Fall is beginning a letter to her lifelong friend Aissatou Bâ.
The occasion for writing is Ramatoulaye's recent widowhood.
As she gives her friend the details of her husband's death, she recounts the major events in their lives.
The novel is often used in literature classes focusing on women's roles in post-colonial Africa.
It won the first Noma Award for Publishing in Africa in 1980.
SoundEdit was the first popular GUI-based audio editor for digitized audio.
It was one of the first significant audio applications for personal computers in general.
SoundEdit was known for its ease of use.
It made audio manipulation accessible to those who were not musicians or audio professionals.
Struble may refer to:
Struble, Iowa, United States
Struble, Pennsylvania, United States
Struble is a surname.
Arthur Dewey Struble (1894–1983), American admiral
Doris June Struble (1895-1976), American pianist, singer, dramatic reader
Eva Struble (born 1981), American painters
Struble (1836–1918), Speaker of the Iowa House, 1882–84
Struble (1843–1913), American congressman, 1883–1891
Curtis Struble (born 1953), U.S.
Jayden Struble (born 2001), American ice hockey player
Struble (1828–1916), Iowa City pioneer
Bob Struble (1899–1967), welfare reformer
Robert Struble Jr.
(1943–2016), author, teacher
Sloan Struble (born 1999), American singer, songwriter, producer
The Beach Boys are an American rock group formed in 1961.
The Beach Boys may also refer to:
The Beach Boys (album), by The Beach Boys, 1985
"Beach Boys", a song by Weezer from the 2017 album Pacific Daydream
The Beach Boys and the California Myth, a 1978 biography of the Beach Boys by David Leaf, revised in 1985 as The Beach Boys
The Beach Boys, a 1979 biography of the band by Byron Preiss
The Beach Boys (film), a 2024 documentary of the band
Vincent A.
Timphony (March 8, 1934 - December 13, 2010) was an American trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses best remembered for winning the 1984 inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Classic, the first $3-million horse race.
A native of New Orleans, Vincent Timphony had a career year in 1984 with his horse of a lifetime, Wild Again.
The 31–1 longshot capped it off at Hollywood Park Racetrack with a win over a very strong field in the Breeders' Cup Classic.
In what remains as one of the most memorable finishes in the race's history, Wild Again left behind the likes of future U.
Racing Hall of Famer Precisionist and that year's Hollywood Gold Cup winner Desert Wine before battling down the stretch against another future Hall of Fame inductee Slew o' Gold and that year's Preakness Stakes winner, Gate Dancer.
An inveterate bettor, Vincent Timphony's faith in his horse saw him bet heavily on Wild Again to win the Classic.
Years later the Los Angeles Times reported his wife had said her husband's gambling winnings that day were "more than $100,000."
Allen Hill was an American physician from Dubuque County in the Iowa District of what was first the Michigan Territory, then the Wisconsin Territory, and eventually the Iowa Territory.
He was elected to the last legislature of the old Michigan Territory to represent his district; but did not attend.
Atike Sultan may refer to:
Ayşe Atike Hanımsultan, daughter of Gevherhan Sultan
Atike Sultan (daughter of Ahmed I) (1613–1674), Ottoman princess
Atike Sultan (1646–1686), Ottoman princess, daughter of Sultan Ibrahim I
Atike Sultan, Ottoman princess, daughter of Sultan Ahmed II
Atike Sultan (daughter of Ahmed III) (1712–1738), Ottoman princess
Bruno Mendonça Silva (born 4 April 1985 in Santos, São Paulo) is a Brazilian judoka.
Silva won the gold medal in the 2011 Pan American Games in the Lightweight category of the Judo.
Silva competed in the men's 73 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; after defeating Fred Yannick Uwase in the second round, he was eliminated by Dex Elmont in the third round.
Dame Janet Suzman (born 9 February 1939) is a South African-born British actress who had a successful early career in the Royal Shakespeare Company, later replaying many Shakespearean roles on television.
In her first film, Nicholas and Alexandra (1971), her performance as Empress Alexandra Feodorovna earned her several honours, including a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Suzman later starred in a wide range of classical and modern drama as well as directing many productions in the UK and South Africa.
Suzman appeared in A Dry White Season (1989), a film that examined apartheid.
John Borg Loengard (September 5, 1934 – May 24, 2020) was an American photographer who worked at Life magazine from 1961, and was its picture editor from 1973 to 1987.
He taught at the International Center of Photography, New York, The New School for Social Research, New York, and at workshops around the country.
Legislative Studies Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell and is the official journal of the Legislative Studies Section of the American Political Science Association.
The journal was established in 1976 and the current Co-Editors are Tiffany Barnes, Justin Kirkland, Jason M.
Roberts, Jonathan Slapin, Sarah Treul.
The executive editor is Brian Crisp (Washington University in St.
The journal publishes articles on legislative systems, processes, and behavior, including parliaments and legislatures, their relations to other political institutions, their functions in the political system, and the activities of their members both within the institution and outside.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 0.810, ranking it 80th out of 163 journals in the category "Political Science".
In 2020, the impact factor has raised to 2.159 (Clarivate Analytics), ranking it 82nd out of 183 in the category of "Political Science".
Leonidov (Russian: Леонидов) is a Russian surname that is derived from the male given name Leonid and literally means Leonid's.
It may refer to the following notable people:
Aleksei Leonidov, a nickname of Leo (Leonid) Feigin, a former BBC Russian Service disk jockey and a founder of Leo Records
Ivan Leonidov (1902–1959), Soviet architect, urban planner, painter and teacher
Leonid Leonidov (1873–1941), Russian and Soviet actor and stage director
Oleh Leonidov (born 1985), Ukrainian football player
This is a list of public art in the London Borough of Haringey.
Maria Lorena Morelos Barros (March 18, 1948 – March 24, 1976) was a Filipino activist.
She founded the Malayang Kilusan ng Bagong Kababaihan (Free Movement of New Women) or MAKIBAKA, a militant women's organization shortly before the Martial Law regime of Ferdinand Marcos.
When Martial Law was declared, she went underground, was later captured and was a top political prisoner.
She escaped to the countryside as a guerrilla fighter and was killed during a military ambush at 28 years old.
Pierre "Pig's Brown Eye" Parrant was the first official resident of the city of Saint Paul, Minnesota.
His exploits propelled him to local fame and infamy, with his name briefly adorning the village that became Minnesota's capital city.
Prolaz  (Cyrillic: Пролаз) is a village in the municipality of Novo Goražde, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The name Prolaz can be translated from Bosnian to English to mean passage.
Rafael Argullol Murgadas (Catalan pronunciation: [rəf(ə)ˈɛl əɾɣuˈʎɔl]; Barcelona 1949) is a Spanish writer, philosopher, poet and professor of aesthetics at Pompeu Fabra University from Catalonia.
The author of more than 30 books, he was granted the 1993 Nadal prize for his novel La razón del mal, the 2002 Fondo de Cultura Económica essay prize for Una educación sensorial, and the 2010 Cálamo prize and the Ciutat de Barcelona prize in the same year for his book Vision desde el fondo del mar.
Signals is the formation of the Singapore Army responsible for communications on multiple platforms and local networking on the battlefield.
It also supports the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) by developing the capacity for network-centric warfare in the form of Integrated Knowledge-based Command and Control (IKC2) and Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (C4I) operations.
The String Quartet No.
2 by Ernest Bloch was composed between 1940 and 1945.
The quartet averages 34 minutes to perform.
Bloch wrote it following a close study of Beethoven's sketches for the Eroica symphony.
After its premiere, Ernest Newman called the String Quartet No.
2 "the finest work of our time in this genre, one that is worthy to stand beside the last quartets of Beethoven".
The composer himself called it "dry, not easy to listen to … and I doubt it will be liked".
Today it is typically regarded as the finest of Bloch's five quartets.
Only in the second quartet did Bloch find a synthesis between formal sonata form structure and his "fundamentally improvisational and rhapsodic" thought, avoiding the weaknesses of cyclic procedures often evident in other works.
USS Ferret was a two masted schooner, the third U.S.
Navy vessel to bear this name, and was purchased 20 December 1822 at Baltimore, Maryland and commissioned early in 1823, with Lieutenant R.
Henley in command.
It was the first U.S.
naval ship commanded by the famous naval hero David Farragut.
Ferret served transporting U.S.
sailors, marines and supplies to the pirate infested waters of the Caribbean and was used to search out and attack pirate ships and pirate strongholds for a little more than two years when her career was cut short when the vessel capsized in a gale force storm off the coast of Cuba.
U (У у; italics: У у or У у; italics: У у) is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
It commonly represents the close back rounded vowel /u/, somewhat like the pronunciation of ⟨oo⟩ in "boot" or "boo".
The forms of the Cyrillic letter U are similar to the lowercase of the Latin letter Y (Y y; Y y).
Wyoming's 1st House of Representatives district is one of 62 districts in the Wyoming House of Representatives.
It has been represented by Republican Chip Neiman since 2021, who has served as Speaker of the Wyoming House of Representatives since 2025.
Yang Yanzhao (楊延昭; c.
958 – 9 February 1014), named Yang Yanlang (楊延朗) before 1012, was a military general in ancient China's Northern Song dynasty.
For over two decades he defended Song's northern border against the Khitan-ruled Liao dynasty, helping Song thwart Liao's repeated invasion attempts between 999 and 1004.
He was one of Yang Ye's seven sons.
History of Song mentions that he was called Yang Liulang (楊六郎, literally "Yang's 6th son") by the Khitans who feared him.
In the largely fictional legends of Generals of the Yang Family, Yang Yanzhao is Yang Ye's sixth eldest son to explain this nickname, even though historians believe he was actually the eldest or second eldest son.
Myra Yvonne Chouteau () (March 7, 1929 – January 24, 2016) was a Native American ballerina and one of the "Five Moons" or Native prima ballerinas of Oklahoma.
She was the only child of Corbett Edward and Lucy Annette Chouteau.
She was born March 7, 1929, in Fort Worth, Texas.
In 1943, she became the youngest dancer ever accepted to the Ballet Russe de Monte-Carlo, where she worked for fourteen years.
In 1962, she and her husband, Miguel Terekhov, founded the first fully accredited university dance program in the United States, the School of Dance at the University of Oklahoma.
A member of the Shawnee Tribe, she also had French ancestry, the great-great-great-granddaughter of Maj.
Jean Pierre Chouteau.
From the Chouteau family of St.
Louis, he established Oklahoma's oldest European-American settlement at the present site of Salina in 1796.
She grew up in Vinita, Oklahoma.
Ziskind is a Jewish Ashkenazi surname meaning sweet child.
Alexander Ziskind Maimon (1809–1887), Lithuanian rabbi
Haim Ziskind (born 1990), Israeli footballer
Tamar Ziskind (born 1985), Israeli beauty pageant contestant
Trudi Ziskind (born 1946), known professionally as Trudi Ames, American actor
The Rojas family, more commonly known in English-speaking America by their matronym, Alou, is a prominent Major League Baseball family from the Dominican Republic.
The family name in the Dominican Republic is the paternal family name of Rojas, but Felipe Alou and his brothers became known by the name Alou when the Giants' scout who signed Felipe mistakenly thought his matronym (Alou) was his surname.
The Rojas Alou brothers' maternal grandfather, Mateu Alou, was an immigrant from Felanitx, Spain, who immigrated to the Dominican Republic in 1898.
Felipe Alou, the oldest of three brothers, was the first Dominican to play regularly in the Major Leagues.
From 1958 to 1974, he played for the San Francisco Giants, Atlanta Braves, Oakland A's, and New York Yankees, and subsequently managed the Montreal Expos.
He made the All-Star team three times and once finished 5th in the Most Valuable Player (MVP) voting.
His younger brothers Matty and Jesús were both longtime National League outfielders.
In 1963, while all playing for the San Francisco Giants, Felipe, Matty and Jesus became the first all brother outfield in the Major Leagues.
Felipe's son Moisés also had a long career as a Major League outfielder.
Another son of Felipe, Luis Rojas, was the manager of the New York Mets for two years, and has held several other MLB coaching roles.
José Sosa was also a member of the Alou family.
Mel Rojas, a cousin of Moisés, pitched in MLB for ten seasons.
Mel Rojas Jr.
won the KBO League Most Valuable Player Award in 2020.
Aquarius Records was an independent record store in San Francisco, California, established in 1970.
Aquarius was known for carrying an obscure selection of psychedelia, metal, and world music, and had an extensive mail order catalog.
The store's selection was relatively small and was chosen and annotated by the staff of music aficionados.
They claimed to have coined the modern alias dronology for the drone music genre.
It is the subject of the documentary It Came From Aquarius Records that premiered as part of the 2022 San Francisco Documentary Festival.
Autosticha latiuncusa is a moth in the family Autostichidae.
It was described by Kyu-Tek Park and Chun-Sheng Wu in 2003.
It is found in Sichuan, China.
Burgdorf (Swiss Standard German pronunciation: [ˈbʊrɡˌdɔrf] ; French: Berthoud [bɛʁtu]; High Alemannic: Bùùrdlef) is the largest city in the Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
It was the capital of the district of the same name until 2010, when it became part of the new Emmental district.
The Chronicle-Telegraph Cup was the trophy awarded to the winner of a postseason competition in American professional baseball in 1900.
The series, played only once, was a precursor to the current World Series.
The Pittsburgh Pirates finished in second place, 4½ games behind the Brooklyn Superbas, in the 1900 National League season (the only Major League in American baseball at the time).
Fans of the Pittsburgh club felt their club was every bit the equal of the Brooklyn nine.
While Brooklyn led the league in offense, Pirates fans claimed their team, which led the NL in strikeouts and ERA, boasted the pitching to best Brooklyn.
A local newspaper, the Pittsburgh Chronicle Telegraph, offered to award a silver cup to the winner of a best-of-five series between the two teams.
Despite the series being held in Allegheny, Pennsylvania, which was annexed into Pittsburgh in 1907, the Superbas prevailed, 3–1.
The teams were evenly matched in most statistical categories — both totaled 15 runs apiece, batted about .230 and had comparable numbers of extra-base hits (neither team hit any home runs) and walks.
Both teams' ERAs were below 1.30.
However, Pittsburgh committed 14 errors to Brooklyn's 4, letting the Superbas win by comfortable margins.
Three unearned runs in the top of the sixth inning of Game 2 allowed the Superbas to break a 1–1 tie, and Pirates pitcher Sam Leever's crucial fourth-inning error in Game 4 broke the game open for Brooklyn.
A 10–0 blowout behind Deacon Phillippe's six-hitter in Game 3 gave the Pirates their only win in the series.
Pirates' outfielder Honus Wagner led his team in batting average (.400), hits (6), doubles (1), RBIs (3) and stolen bases (2).
Brooklyn's Wee Willie Keeler also cranked out 6 hits to lead his club, posting a .353 average.
The Superbas' Fielder Jones had 4 RBIs.
The Pirates won the next three National League pennants and played in the inaugural World Series in 1903.
The Brooklyn baseball club did not win another postseason series until 1955, their first World Series championship.
Dariusz Stanicki (born 3 January 1965) is a former Polish volleyball player.
He was a member of Poland men's national volleyball team in 1983–1991, technic manager of Fenerbahçe Men's Volleyball and Fenerbahçe Women's Volleyball teams.
Dick Tracy (1937) is a 15-chapter Republic movie serial starring Ralph Byrd based on the Dick Tracy comic strip by Chester Gould.
It was directed by Alan James and Ray Taylor.
There were three sequels to this serial: Dick Tracy Returns (1938), Dick Tracy's G-Men (1939), and Dick Tracy vs.
Crime, Inc.
Fast Break (stylized as FastBreak and formerly known as Sports Talk) was a radio sports talk show on DZMM in the Philippines.
It was aired every Saturday from 3:00 pm to 4:00 pm, with a simulcast on DZMM TeleRadyo and The Filipino Channel worldwide.
This program talks about sports news and discussion from the two radio hosts.
It is the successor of the old sports program Sports Talk, which was hosted by Freddie Webb and Gretchen Fullido.
Fullido is replaced by Sison on August 2, 2014.
The show eventually did not go back on-air as Boyet Sison died on April 16, 2022.
Navdeepak Singh Chahal better known by his stage name Gavie Chahal, is an Indian actor who primarily works in Hindi and Punjabi cinema.
Kirill Aleksandrovich Novikov (Russian: Кирилл Александрович Новиков; born 14 January 1981) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player and referee.
He is the manager of Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk.
Les Monts-Ronds (French pronunciation: [le mɔ̃ ʁɔ̃]) is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
It is the result of the merger, on 1 January 2022, of the communes of Mérey-sous-Montrond and Villers-sous-Montrond.
Mantaqeh Azad Chabahar (Persian: منطقه آزاد چابهار, also Romanized as Manţaqeh Āzād Chābahār) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 11 families.
Mecca Governorate, officially the Holy Capital Governorate, is one of the governorates in Mecca Province, Saudi Arabia.
It is largely continuous with the city of Mecca, the holiest city of Islam.
Murnighan is a surname.
Keith Murnighan (1948–2016), American social scientist and writer
Jack Murnighan (born 1969), American writer
Notarztwagen 7 is a 1976–1977 German medical drama television series directed by Helmut Ashley.
It is regarded as a cult television series in Germany.
Thirteen 25 minute episodes were produced for ARD and it aired from 1 December 1976.
Notarztwagen means "Emergency Doctor Vehicle".
The screenplay was written by Bruno Hampel.
The theme tune was composed by Peter Thomas.
The Popular Front for the Liberation of Saguia el-Hamra and Río de Oro, better known by its acronym Polisario Front, is a Sahrawi nationalist liberation movement seeking to end the occupation of Western Sahara through armed resistance and political advocacy.
Tracing its origin to a Sahrawi nationalist organization known as the Movement for the Liberation of Saguia el Hamra and Wadi el Dhahab, the Polisario Front was formally constituted in 1973 with the intention of launching an armed struggle against the Spanish occupation which lasted until 1975, when the Spanish decided to allow Mauritania and Morocco to partition and occupy the territory.
The Polisario Front proclaimed the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) on 27 February 1976, and waged a war to drive out the two armies.
It forced Mauritania to relinquish its claim over Western Sahara in 1979 and continued its military campaign against Morocco until the 1991 ceasefire, pending the holding of a UN-backed referendum which has been consistently postponed ever since.
In 2020 the Polisario Front declared the ceasefire over and  resumed the armed conflict.
The United Nations considers the Polisario Front to be the legitimate representative of the Sahrawi people and maintains that the Sahrawis have a right to self-determination.
The Polisario Front is outlawed in the parts of Western Sahara under Moroccan occupation, and it is illegal to raise its party flag (often called the Sahrawi flag) there.
It is a consultative member of the Socialist International.
Rudolf Lüters (May 10, 1883 – December 24, 1945) was a German general who served in the Wehrmacht, during World War II.
Sumbwa (or Sisumbwa/Lusumbwa; Swahili: Kisumbwa) is a Bantu language spoken in  northwestern Tanzania.
The language is mainly spoken in Bukombe, Mbogwe and Geita districts (Geita Region); Kahama district (Shinyanga Region); Biharamulo district (Kagera Region) and Urambo district (Uyowa) – Tabora Region.
Given the 2002 Census figures and population increases since then, the number of Sisumbwa speakers may be estimated as follows: Bukombe: 137,115; Kahama: 100,377; Geita: 79,490; Biharamulo: 4,306; Ilemela: 85; Kishapu: 110; Kwimba: 152; Misungwi: 103; Nzega: 358; Shinyanga (R): 2,260; Urambo: 36,755; This estimation gives 361,111 Sisumbwa speakers.
These are the figures recorded in the Tanzania Language Atlas (2009:3), and this puts the language at no.
25 out of the 150 Tanzanian languages identified.
Sumbwa is still largely undescribed as there is an old grammar (Capus 1898), a trilingual dictionary (Kahigi 2008a) and description of some components of the morphology (Kahigi 2005; Kahigi 2008b).
The House of Government: A Saga of the Russian Revolution is a 2017 study of the history of the Russian Revolution, the formation of the Soviet Union, and its early history from the days of the New Economic Policy into the early days of Stalinist Rule by the Russian-born American historian Yuri Slezkine.
The book consists of "three strains": "The first is a family saga involving numerous named and unnamed residents of the House of Government." The second strain is analytical.
It looks at the revolution and subsequent Soviet administration through the lens of the millenarian cult and "aims to capture the rise and fall of Bolshevism through a building and its residents, via a study in eschatology – the creation of an apocalyptic cult, its unexpected success, and its equally unexpected failure." "The third strain is literary...Each episode in the Bolshevik Family Saga, and each stage in the history of the Bolshevik prophecy is accompanied by a discussion of the literary works that sought to interpret and mythologize them."
Woody Island is a small, uninhabited island lying in Pitt Water, Tasmania, Australia.
It is part of the Sloping Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman and Forestier Peninsulas.
The island is approximately 28.3 hectares in size, with cliffs of up to 15 metres in height.
The island is a popular boating and recreation site.
Between the late 1980s and 1990, introduced rabbits were a concern on the island, however they were eradicated with the laying of baits in 1990 and no evidence of reintroduction appeared in a 2001 survey.
The same survey noted boxthorn, blackberry, and mirror bush and historically Monterey pine on the island and recommended periodic weeding to avoid the island being overrun by bird-introduced vegetation.
Bohdan Adam Bułakowski (born 11 January 1950 in Warsaw) is a retired race walker from Poland, who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
There he ended up in seventh place in the men's 20 km race, clocking 1:28.36.
Coachella 2024 was a music festival that took place at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California on 12–14 and 19–21 April 2024.
The headliners for the festival were Lana Del Rey,  Tyler, the Creator, and Doja Cat.
GmbH (formerly AVM GmbH) is a German consumer electronics company that produces communications, networking devices such as DSL, ISDN, wireless and VoIP products.
Founded in 1986, it is headquartered in Berlin.
It had sales of €620 million in 2022 with 880 employees achieving an estimated profit between €80 and €90 million.
It is well known for its popular Fritz!Box series.
HMS Vulture II was an aerial bombing and gunnery range at Treligga, 2 km west of Delabole, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom (SX 047 848).
The station was a satellite of the Fleet Air Arm base RNAS St Merryn (HMS Vulture) near Padstow, Cornwall.
Although HMS Vulture II had landing strips they were however rarely used.
Unusually, the entire operation at HMS Vulture II was staffed by the Women's Royal Naval Service.
Haiden Denise Palmer (born March 28, 1991, in Moreno Valley, California) is an American basketball coach and former player.
She played college basketball for Oregon State and Gonzaga before going on to play professionally.
She won the Icelandic championship and Icelandic Cup with Snæfell in 2016 while being named the Foreign Player of the Year, Playoffs MVP and the Cup MVP.
She later went on to play in Germany where she won the German Cup in 2018 with TSV 1880 Wasserburg.
In 2021, she win the Icelandic Cup again, this time with Haukar.
Historic West Adams, more commonly known as West Adams, is a neighborhood in the South Los Angeles region of Los Angeles, California.
The area is known for its large number of historic buildings, structures and notable houses and mansions.
It contains several Historic Preservation Overlay Zones as well as designated historic districts.
ISO 3166-2:EE is the entry for Estonia in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Estonia, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 15 counties, 64 rural municipalities, and 15 urban municipalities.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen.
The first part is EE, the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Estonia.
The second part is two digits for counties or three digits for municipalities.
Johan Lilius (1724–1803) was a Finnish justice of the Hovrätt in Åbo (Turku), at a time when this court was part of the judicial system of Sweden, and a founding member of the Aurora Society.
Lilius was influential in the development and growth of Finnish literature and contributed among other things articles to Finland's first newspaper Åbo Tidningar.
John Ponsonby, PC (Ire) (29 March 1713 – 16 August 1787) was an Anglo-Irish politician.
He was Speaker of the Irish House of Commons between 1756 and 1771, a period in which the legislative independence of the Kingdom of Ireland was increasingly asserted and tested.
Lobostemon fruticosus, also known as the eightday healthbush or pyjamabush, is a species of medicinal plant endemic to the Cape Provinces of  South Africa.
It is considered to be ecologically and economically important but is declining due to overexploitation.
Mambachiton (meaning "crocodile armour") is an extinct genus of basal avemetatarsalian from the Middle/Upper Triassic Makay Formation (Isalo II beds) of Madagascar.
The genus contains a single species, M.
fiandohana, known from a partial skeleton with articulated osteoderms.
Mukul Chadda is an Indian actor who works in Hindi cinema.
Nicolas Desenclos (born 11 February 1989) is a French footballer.
Noroît (Une vengeance) is a 1976 experimental adventure fantasy drama directed by Jacques Rivette.
The title is an alteration of nord-ouest (north-west), meaning the direction or the wind from that direction (in English, a "nor'wester").
The story is loosely based on Thomas Middleton's The Revenger's Tragedy.
The film stars Geraldine Chaplin and  Bernadette Lafont as pirates.
Noroît would have followed Duelle (1976) as the third episode of the intended four-film series Scènes de la vie parallèle (the first being a supernatural love story and the fourth a musical).
Nothing Butt...
is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1980 and first released on the Muse label in 1983.
Princess Sophie Louise of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (20 March 1911 – 21 November 1988) was a princess of the House of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.
She was born in Weimar, the eldest child and only daughter of William Ernest, Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, by his second wife, Princess Feodora of Saxe-Meiningen.
As a relative of Wilhelmina of the Netherlands, Sophie was invited to the 1937 wedding of her daughter, Princess Juliana, as a bridesmaid.
She became entangled in a diplomatic scandal however after the passports of Sophie and two other German princesses were withheld by the Nazi government.
Though they were later released, Sophie opted out of attending at the last moment.
In 1938 Sophie married Friedrich Günther, Prince of Schwarzburg, but the couple were divorced by the end of the year.
Razvigor Yankov (born 10 April 1954) is a Bulgarian athlete.
He competed in the men's decathlon at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Stanley Arthur Trick, known as Stan Trick (3 June 1884 – 11 February 1958) was an English cricketer for Essex.
Playing over five sporadic appearances between 1905 and 1919, he was a middle-order right-hand batsman.
He had only modest success, with 69 runs at a batting average of only 7.66, before going on to become a colliery agent.
The Night the Bridge Fell Down is an American disaster film starring James MacArthur, Desi Arnaz Jr., and Leslie Nielsen.
The movie was produced by Irwin Allen in 1979 in association with Warner Bros.
Television for NBC but was not aired in the United States until February 28, 1983 – the same night the final original episode of M*A*S*H ("Goodbye, Farewell and Amen") aired on rival network CBS.
(ABC showed American Gigolo).
The fictional Madison Bridge is represented by the Astoria-Megler Bridge on the Columbia River, the longest continuous truss bridge in North America.
XCOM is a proprietary file transfer utility previously owned by CA Technologies but since acquired by Broadcom Inc.
on 5 November 2018.
The 2009–10 football season was Bristol City's 112th season as a professional football club and third consecutive season in the second division.
They competed in the Football League Championship having finished in tenth position the previous season.
Bristol City were knocked out in the second round of the Football League Cup against Carlisle United.
They also entered the FA Cup in January 2010 at the third round stage, losing to Cardiff City after a replay.
Buthaina bint al-Mu'tamid ibn Abbad (Arabic: بثينة بنت المعتمد بن عباد, romanized: Buthayna bint al-Muʿtamid ibn ʿAbbād) was a poet of Al-Andalus.
She was born in 1070 and was the daughter of al-Mu'tamid ibn Abbad, ruler of the Taifa of Seville, and his consort Al-Rumaikiyya, an Andalusian poet.
One of her poems, "Listen to my words", is about being sold into slavery after her father was overthrown.
After the initial fall of her father's rule, Buthaina had escaped, but was ambushed and enslaved.
The man who bought her did not recognize her, and gave her to his son.
Buthaina revealed who she was to the son (possibly because he wanted to have sex and she refused) and stated that they must marry.
The son agreed, and sent a letter to Buthaina's father requesting permission to marry her.
Buthaina wrote a poem which she sent to her father alongside the letter, explaining the situation - describing the son as kind and honourable - and asking for her father's blessing, which he gave.
Cyprus was represented at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 with the song "Firefly", written by Nikolas Metaxas, and performed by Christina Metaxa.
The Cypriot participating broadcaster, the Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation (CyBC), organised a national final in order to select its entry for the contest.
The national final featured 10 entries, resulting in the selection of Metaxa with "Firefly" at the final on 7 February 2010.
Cyprus was drawn to compete in the first semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 14 May 2009.
Performing during the show in position 7, "Firefly" was not among the 10 qualifying entries of the second semi-final and therefore did not qualify to compete in the final.
It was later revealed that Cyprus placed 14th out of the 19 participating countries in the semi-final with 32 points.
Eucamptognathus sicardi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae.
It was described by Alluaud in 1932.
A hurdle race in Great Britain and Ireland is a National Hunt horse race where the horses jump over obstacles called hurdles or flights that are over three and a half feet high.
They are typically made of a series of panels made of brush and are flexible.
Hurdle races always have a minimum of eight hurdles and a minimum distance of two miles (3.2 km).
National Hunt horses that have the size and scope to jump higher than the height of a hurdle use these types of races in order to gain experience of jumping obstacles so they can later be sent to jump bigger obstacles called fences.
Hurdle races tend to be run at a faster pace than Chases as the height of the hurdle is much lower than a chasing fence.
The best hurdlers have a low and efficient style of jumping, which means they do not lose much momentum when they run over or hurdle a hurdle.
Australian hurdle races were conducted over wooden fences which provide some flexibility when ran over or hurdled.
In  Victoria, these runs consist of portable hurdles in which the natural brush has been replaced by bright yellow soft synthetic brush.
Hurdle races are usually run over a minimal distance of 2 800 metres.
Victoria and South Australia were for a time the only two states in Australia that conduct jumping races but in 2022 the South Australian Government outlawed jumping races in the state (although racing authorities had already discontinued jumps racing due to a decline in local horse numbers).
In 2021, the One Fit model of hurdles was introduced in Victoria, and they were being used in 13 tracks in UK.
Ikaria, also spelled Icaria (; Greek: Ικαρία [ikaˈri.a]), is a Greek island in the Aegean Sea, 10 nautical miles (19 km) southwest of Samos.
Administratively, Ikaria forms a separate municipality within the Ikaria regional unit, which is part of the North Aegean administrative region.
According to tradition, it derives its name from Icarus, the son of Daedalus in Greek mythology, who was believed to have fallen into the sea nearby and to have been buried on the island.
John Francis O'Ryan (August 21, 1874 – January 29, 1961) was an American attorney, politician, government official and military officer.
He served as commander of the 27th Division during World War I.
He later served as a member of the New York State Transit Commission and as New York City Police Commissioner.
During World War II he was New York State Civil Defense Director.
KUKU-FM is a radio station airing a classic country format licensed to Willow Springs, Missouri, broadcasting on 100.3 FM.
The station is owned by Linda Hoskins, through licensee Better Newspapers, Inc.
The station hosts a swap line weekly.
KUKU features top of the hour news programming from Fox News Radio.
L'Italia c'è (lit.
'Italy Is There') is a liberal political party in Italy.
It was formed in 2022 by Gianfranco Librandi and Piercamillo Falasca, who left More Europe in 2021 and re-joined it in 2023.
Falasca would again leave More Europe in 2024.
On 22 August 2022, Olivia Pratt-Korbel, a nine-year-old girl, was shot by Thomas Cashman in Liverpool, England, and was pronounced dead the same day at the city's Alder Hey Children's Hospital.
The attack took place at the doorstep of the Pratt-Korbel's family home in Dovecot; the intended target of the attack was Joseph Nee, a 35-year-old gang member who had criminal convictions for drug dealing and burglary.
During the attack, Olivia Pratt-Korbel was with her mother.
A shot by Cashman passed through her mother's hand and into Olivia Pratt-Korbel's chest.
In April 2023 at Liverpool Crown Court, Cashman was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 42 years.
Mutant Night is a 1987 platform video game developed and published by UPL for arcades.
It was initially only released in Japan in December 1987.
Hamster Corporation acquired the rights to the game alongside UPL's intellectual property, releasing the game as part of their Arcade Archives series for the PlayStation 4 in 2017 and Nintendo Switch in 2021.
Outlaw Platoon is a 2012 war story memoir written by Captain Sean Parnell and author John R.
The book details Parnell's 2006–2007 experiences as an infantry platoon leader during the War in Afghanistan.
After receiving his commission through the Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps program at Duquesne University, Parnell led 3rd Platoon, B Company, 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division.
The company was based near the Pakistani border in Barmal District of Paktika Province on an extended 16-month deployment.
After the deployment, Parnell was awarded two Bronze Star Medals and a Purple Heart.
Parnell left duty as a lieutenant and retired as a captain.
Before embarking on Outlaw Platoon.
Parnell's coauthor, military historian John R.
Bruning, embedded himself with a unit in Afghanistan in 2010 in preparation for writing the book for Parnell.
The book was discussed as part of the Commandant's Book Club at the United States Military Academy in 2013.
Parnell discussed writing the book for an episode of Pritzker Military Presents and for the Episode 192 of the Jocko Podcast.
Qp-Crazy is a Japanese hardcore punk band.
The band was started by Crazy Skb in 1994.
They usually perform in Japan, but they released their 9th Album タンク山の動物園(Tank Mountain Zoo) in the United States.
